Backlash after China bubble tea firm ordered to pay Louis Vuitton $1.5m 中国一家奶茶公司被判赔偿路易威登150万美元，引发舆论反弹。⭐ backlash —— 强烈反对；舆论反弹｜be ordered to do sth. —— 被法院责令做某事
Popular Chinese tea chain Molly Tea has been ordered to pay 10.3m yuan (£1.1m; $1.5m) in damages after a court ruled that its logo infringed a Louis Vuitton trademark, fuelling an online debate over intellectual property protection. 中国知名连锁茶饮品牌茉莉奶白被法院判决赔偿1030万元人民币（约110万英镑、150万美元），原因是法院认定其Logo侵犯了路易威登的商标权，这也引发了关于知识产权保护的网络讨论。⭐ pay … in damages —— 支付……赔偿金｜rule that… —— 裁定……｜infringe a trademark —— 侵犯商标权｜fuel a debate —— 引发/激化争论｜intellectual property protection —— 知识产权保护
Chinese media reported last week that a court in the eastern Jiangsu province ruled that the Shenzhen-based tea company had copied Louis Vuitton's iconic four-petal flower design. 中国媒体上周报道称，江苏省一家法院裁定，这家总部位于深圳的茶饮公司复制了路易威登标志性的四瓣花图案。⭐ be based in… —— 总部位于……｜iconic design —— 标志性设计｜copy a design —— 抄袭设计
The decision has divided the public online in China, with a hashtag linked to the case drawing more than 400 million views and tens of thousands of comments. 这一判决在中国网络上引发了公众意见分裂，与该案件相关的话题标签获得了超过4亿次浏览和数万条评论。⭐ divide the public —— 引发公众意见分裂｜be linked to —— 与……相关｜draw … views/comments —— 获得……浏览量/评论
The BBC has contacted Molly Tea and Louis Vuitton for comment.&nbsp; BBC已联系茉莉奶白和路易威登寻求回应。 ⭐ contact sb. for comment —— 联系某人寻求回应
On Thursday, a court in Suzhou, just east of Shanghai, ordered Molly Tea to stop using the logo, issue a public apology and to pay damages to Louis Vuitton, according to Chinese state media China Daily. 据中国官方媒体《中国日报》报道，周四，位于上海以东的苏州一家法院责令茉莉奶白停止使用该Logo、公开道歉，并向路易威登支付赔偿金。⭐ stop using… —— 停止使用……｜issue a public apology —— 公开道歉｜according to… —— 据……报道
The outlet also said that Molly Tea and its affiliated firms had applied for multiple trademarks that were rejected by the China National Intellectual Property Administration. 该媒体还表示，茉莉奶白及其关联公司曾申请多个商标，但均被中国国家知识产权局驳回。⭐ affiliated firms —— 关联公司｜apply for a trademark —— 申请商标｜reject an application —— 驳回申请
Only the trademark containing the Chinese characters for "Molly Tea" was successfully registered, China Daily reported.&nbsp; 《中国日报》报道称，只有包含"茉莉奶白"中文字样的商标成功注册。 ⭐ contain… —— 包含……｜be successfully registered —— 成功注册
Many Chinese social media users have defended the design of Molly Tea's logo, noting how many designs used in Western luxury brands have been inspired by Chinese artefacts. 许多中国网友为茉莉奶白的Logo设计辩护，并指出许多西方奢侈品牌的设计灵感都来源于中国文物。⭐ defend the design —— 为设计辩护｜note that… —— 指出……｜be inspired by… —— 受……启发｜artefacts —— 文物；历史器物
One commenter on the Weibo platform wrote in Mandarin that he will "drink a cup of Molly Tea daily" to show his support for the company. 一位微博用户用中文留言称，他将"每天喝一杯茉莉奶白"，以表达对该公司的支持。⭐ show one's support for… —— 表达对……的支持
"Give me a break. They're just taking advantage of the fact that our ancestors didn't file for patents," the commenter wrote. "得了吧。他们不过是利用了我们祖先当年没有申请专利这一事实。"这位网友写道。⭐ Give me a break. —— 得了吧；别闹了｜take advantage of… —— 利用……｜file for patents —— 申请专利
One user on RedNote, another Chinese social media platform, said: "Such basic geometric shapes have been used everywhere throughout history, not just China." 另一位小红书用户表示："这种基础的几何图形纵观历史到处都有人使用，并不只是中国。"⭐ geometric shapes —— 几何图形｜throughout history —— 纵观历史
But some online supported the court's verdict. 不过，也有一些网友支持法院的判决。⭐ court's verdict —— 法院判决
A Weibo user said that those who back Molly Tea's design should "study law first", arguing that there is no dispute as Louis Vuitton had already registered the logo. 一位微博用户表示，那些支持茉莉奶白Logo设计的人应该"先去学学法律"，并认为由于路易威登早已注册了该Logo，因此此案不存在争议。⭐ back… —— 支持……｜argue that… —— 认为；主张……｜there is no dispute —— 毫无争议
Another said Louis Vuitton is justified in defending its intellectual property and that other brands do not have the right to imitate it, regardless of their industry. 另一位网友表示，路易威登维护自身知识产权是正当的，其他品牌无论属于哪个行业，都无权进行模仿。⭐ be justified in doing sth. —— 做某事是正当的｜defend one's intellectual property —— 维护知识产权｜have the right to do sth. —— 有权做某事｜regardless of… —— 不论；无论……