I'm&nbsp;Robb Gaff&nbsp;with the Professional Ski Instructors of America Alpine team. 我是罗布·斯布朗（Robb Gaffney），今天和美国职业高山滑雪教练团队一起为大家讲解。 ⭐ Alpine team 高山滑雪队
Maybe you're a beginner skier or maybe you've decided it's time to learn. 也许你是一名滑雪新手，或者你决定现在是时候学滑雪了。⭐ beginner skier 滑雪初学者｜it's time to do sth 是时候做某事了
In any case I'm teamed up here with REI to share some tips with you on how to make it the best experience possible. Here's how to ski. 无论如何，我这次和 REI 合作，来分享一些技巧，让你的滑雪体验尽可能好。 下面教你如何滑雪。 ⭐ in any case 无论如何｜be teamed up with 与……合作｜share tips 分享技巧｜the best experience possible 尽可能好的体验
First you're gonna need to know how to put your gear on. 首先你得知道如何穿戴装备。⭐ put your gear on 穿戴装备
We've made a video for that, check out the link below for the way to do that in the most easy way possible. 我们专门做了一个视频，点击下方链接，可以学习最简单的操作方法。⭐ check out 查看｜link below 下方链接
Beyond that, we're gonna start to cover things like your basic stance you want to have while you're sliding on your skis and linking some wedge turns. 接下来我们会讲一些内容，比如滑行时的基本姿势，以及如何连续完成楔形转弯。⭐ beyond that 此外｜basic stance 基本站姿｜link turns 连续连接转弯｜wedge turn 楔形转弯（八字转弯）
Right now I'd like to talk about the stance you want to have while your skis are sliding down the hill. 现在我想讲讲当滑雪板顺坡滑行时，你应该保持什么姿势。⭐ slide down the hill 顺坡滑下
Essentially if you stand with your feet just a comfortable width apart, weight is equal on both feet and just give yourself a little jump in the air. 基本上，你只需要双脚自然分开，与肩同宽左右，双脚均匀受力，然后轻轻跳一下。⭐ a comfortable width apart 舒适的间距｜weight is equal on both feet 双脚均匀承重
The position that you land in is a pretty great skier stance. 你落地时自然形成的姿势，其实就是一个很不错的滑雪姿势。⭐ land in a position 落地形成某个姿势
My shins are tilted forward, meaning my ankles are flexed. 我的小腿向前倾，所以我的脚踝也是弯曲发力的。 ⭐ be tilted forward 向前倾｜flexed 弯曲发力的
My arms are forward and out to the side so I can use them to help me balance. 我的双臂向前并向两侧展开，这样有助于保持平衡。⭐ out to the side 向两侧展开｜help sb balance 帮助保持平衡
Similar to if I was gonna walk across a log over a stream. 这有点像你要走过横跨小溪的一根圆木。⭐ walk across a log 走独木桥｜stream 小溪
I'd want to carry my arms wide like this to help me with balance. 我会把双臂张开，以帮助自己保持平衡。⭐ carry your arms wide 张开双臂
That position, boom, shoulders a little bit in front of my hips.&nbsp; That's how I want to ski down the hill. 就是这个姿势，肩膀稍微位于髋部前方。 这就是我滑下坡时想保持的姿势。 ⭐ in front of 位于……前方
So if I click into my skis again, repeat that little jump. 所以当我重新把雪板固定好后，再重复刚才那个小跳动作。⭐ click into skis 扣入固定器
Shins forward, hands out, shoulders in front of my hips, I'm good to go. 小腿向前、双手展开、肩膀在髋部前方，这样我就可以出发了。⭐ good to go 准备就绪
One of the first things you're gonna want to master while you're learning how to ski is making a wedge. 学习滑雪时，最先要掌握的技能之一就是做出楔形姿势。⭐ master 掌握｜make a wedge 做楔形姿势
Basically that means making a triangle shape with your skis. 简单来说，就是让滑雪板形成一个三角形。⭐ triangle shape 三角形
As we do that we just want to let our legs open up as we turn our toes in. 做这个动作时，双腿向外打开，同时脚尖向内收。⭐ open up 张开｜turn toes in 脚尖向内
Again to form a triangle shape. The bigger my triangle, the slower I'm gonna go. 这样就形成了一个三角形。 三角形越大，我滑得越慢。 ⭐ form a shape 形成某种形状
So it's gonna be important to practice kind of a smallish triangle as well as the biggest triangle. 因此你既要练习较小的三角形，也要练习较大的三角形。⭐ as well as 以及
One way I like to do it again is just to jump up, legs open up, toes turn in. 我喜欢的方法是轻轻跳起，然后双腿打开、脚尖向内。⭐ jump up 跳起来
Do that from the side again, my same basic stance but in a triangle. 从侧面再做一次，依然是相同的基本站姿，只不过变成了三角形。⭐ from the side 从侧面
If I put my skis on, I'm gonna let my legs open up, my knees relaxed out to the side and the toes turn in. 穿上雪板后，我会让双腿打开，膝盖自然向外放松，脚尖向内。⭐ relaxed out to the side 自然向两侧打开
Making a triangle shape with my skis. 让雪板形成一个三角形。 ⭐ make ... with ...&nbsp;
And again, if I just make a little bit of a triangle, I'll just control my skis and glide down the slope. 如果我只形成一个较小的三角形，我就能控制速度并顺着坡面滑下去。⭐ glide down the slope 顺坡滑行｜control my skis 控制滑雪板
If I open a little bit bigger into a bigger triangle, I'll actually stop myself, a braking wedge it's called. 如果我把三角形张得更大一些，我实际上就能让自己停下来，这叫作制动楔形（braking wedge）。⭐ braking wedge 制动楔形（刹车八字）
So if I slide up here to the top of the hill, get myself in a great basic stance. 所以当我滑到坡顶时，我会先调整到一个良好的基本站姿。⭐ get oneself into a stance 调整到某种站姿
As I slide straight, little by little, nice and patiently, I slide my skis open into a triangle or what we call a wedge. 当我直线滑行时，我会一点一点、耐心地把滑雪板打开，形成一个三角形，也就是我们所说的楔形。⭐ little by little 一点一点地｜slide…open 将……滑开｜what we call… 我们所说的……
Don't be afraid to do this a bunch of times. 不要害怕反复练习很多次。⭐ a bunch of 很多，大量
Mastering this wedge is really gonna build you up for success later on. 熟练掌握楔形动作，会为你之后的学习打下坚实基础。⭐ master 掌握｜build sb up for success 为……打下成功基础｜later on 后面、以后
Once you feel comfortable moving around on the flats and your basic stance and making a wedge, now it's time to up the ante a little bit and figure out how to climb up the hill and come down a little bit more of a slope. 当你已经能够在平地上自如移动、保持基本站姿并做出楔形后，就可以提高一点难度，学习如何爬坡以及滑下更陡一点的坡。⭐ feel comfortable doing sth 做某事已经得心应手｜move around 四处移动｜on the flats 在平地上｜up the ante 提高难度；加码（⭐C1）｜figure out 弄清楚
So let's figure out how to do that together. 那我们一起来学习怎么做到吧。⭐ figure out 弄明白
One way to climb up the hill is to do what's called sidestepping. 爬坡的一种方法叫做侧步（sidestepping）。⭐ sidestepping 侧步上坡
In order to sidestep, I've got to keep my skis parallel and take small steps, making sure they always stay sideways to the hill. 为了完成侧步，你需要保持双板平行，小步移动，并确保雪板始终横着坡面。⭐ in order to 为了｜keep…parallel 保持……平行｜sideways to the hill 横着坡面
Keeping that bottom ski tipped up on its side instead of on the bottom is gonna help me dig the edge of the ski in so I can push off of it and take nice small steps to get up the hill. 将下方那只雪板侧立，而不是平放，可以让雪板边刃切入雪面，这样我就能借力向上，一步一步爬坡。⭐ tip…up 使……翘起｜dig the edge in 用边刃切入雪面｜push off 借力蹬出（⭐）｜get up the hill 爬上坡
So as I'm sidestepping up the hill, you can see the skinny little lines that my skis leave in the snow. 当我侧步上坡时，你可以看到雪板在雪地上留下细细的痕迹。⭐ leave…in… 在……留下……｜sidestep up the hill 侧步上坡
That tells me that my ski is on its side and not flat on the bottom part. 这说明我的雪板是立在边刃上的，而不是平放在雪面上。⭐ flat 平放的｜on its side 侧立着
That'll get me up the hill every single time. 这样每次都能顺利爬上坡。⭐ every single time 每一次都
Another way to walk up the hill, which is my favorite, is what's called herringboning. 另一种我最喜欢的上坡方式叫做鱼骨步（herringboning）。⭐ herringbone 鱼骨步
With a herringbone, I basically put my skis in a reverse triangle or reverse wedge position. 做鱼骨步时，我会把雪板摆成一个反向三角形，也就是反楔形。⭐ reverse triangle 倒三角｜reverse wedge 反楔形
The fronts of my skis are splayed way open and my legs are nice and wide open. 雪板前端大幅向外张开，双腿也自然分开。⭐ splay open 向外张开（⭐）
I'll let my knees just kind of relax towards the inside so I can kind of use the edges of my skis a little bit to help me push up the hill. 我会让膝盖稍微向内放松，这样就能利用雪板边刃帮助自己向上蹬。⭐ towards the inside 向内侧｜push up the hill 往坡上蹬
In order to do that, I've got to face up the hill. 要做到这一点，我必须面朝山坡。⭐ face up the hill 面向山坡
Again, as I herringbone, or a duck walk some people call it, you can see the skinny little lines from the edges of my skis as they sort of dig into the snow. 当我做鱼骨步，也有人称之为鸭子步（duck walk）时，你可以看到雪板边刃在雪面上留下细细的痕迹，因为它们正在切入雪里。⭐ duck walk 鸭子步｜dig into 插入；切入
So I feel like this slope is pretty good. It's just a little bit steeper than where I was gliding down practicing my first wedges. 我觉得这个坡度刚刚好。 它只是比我刚才练习楔形滑行的坡稍微陡一点。 ⭐ steeper 更陡的｜glide down 滑下
This is just a little bit steeper, but first of all I got to get myself turned around so that I'm in balance before I even start. 虽然坡稍陡一点，但首先我要先转好方向，确保开始前身体已经保持平衡。⭐ turn oneself around 转过身；调整方向｜be in balance 保持平衡
In order to do that, teeny little steps, take your time. 为了做到这一点，迈很小很小的步子，别着急。⭐ teeny little steps 极小的步子（口语）｜take your time 慢慢来，不着急
Take a thousand steps versus taking only a few steps and risk tripping yourself up. 宁愿走一千个小步，也不要只迈几大步把自己绊倒。⭐ versus 与……相比｜risk doing sth 冒险做某事｜trip yourself up 把自己绊倒（⭐常见引申义：因失误而坏事）
Little teeny steps. Once you get yourself about across the hill, go ahead and put yourself in a triangle. 一步一步，小碎步。 当你基本横着坡站稳后，就把雪板摆成楔形。 ⭐ go ahead and do sth 直接做吧｜across the hill 横着坡面
As you continue to step your skis around, that way before you even start to slide, you're in balance, you're in a triangle. 继续一点一点地调整雪板方向，这样在真正开始滑之前，你就已经站稳了，也已经摆好了楔形姿势。⭐ step…around 一步步调整……方向｜be in balance 保持平衡
Give yourself a little push. 轻轻给自己一个助推。⭐ give yourself a push 给自己一个助力
Again, that basic stance, opening up your skis into a triangle as you slide. 还是保持基本站姿，在滑行过程中把雪板打开成楔形。⭐ basic stance 基本站姿｜open up 打开、张开
When it's time to stop, go ahead and increase the size of your triangle just a little bit. 当需要停下来时，就把楔形稍微张大一点。⭐ increase the size of 增大……的尺寸｜go ahead and… 直接去做……
So again, the tendency is to walk up the hill too high as you're climbing up here. 很多人的习惯是在爬坡时走得太高了。⭐ the tendency is to… 往往会……；容易……
Make sure you take little small steps so that each time you come down you feel like you're in balance. 一定要迈小步，这样每次滑下来时都会觉得自己保持着平衡。⭐ make sure 确保｜feel like… 感觉……
As you keep practicing this over and over and over again, make sure you feel really comfortable before you move on to the next step. 不断反复练习，等真正熟练之后，再进入下一步。⭐ over and over again 一遍又一遍｜move on to 进入下一阶段（⭐⭐）
We know how to move around on the flats, climb up the hill, make a wedge going straight. 现在我们已经会在平地移动、爬坡，以及直线楔形滑行了。⭐ move around 四处移动
Our next task is to figure out how to change direction. 接下来的任务就是学会改变方向。⭐ figure out 弄明白｜change direction 改变方向
So we're gonna get ourselves pointed down the hill. 首先把身体朝向坡下。⭐ point…down the hill 朝向坡下
A little bit of a triangle, not so big necessarily. And it's gonna steer my skis over to one side. 先保持一个不用太大的楔形。 这样雪板就会转向一侧。 ⭐ steer…over to… 把……转向……
Keeping in a triangle the entire time. 整个过程中始终保持楔形。⭐ the entire time 全程，一直（⭐⭐）
I basically use the movement of turning my thighs, turning my legs, twisting my legs to steer my wedge over to one side. 我主要通过转动大腿、双腿，以及扭动双腿，来控制楔形滑向一侧。⭐ twist one's legs 扭动双腿｜steer 控制方向（⭐⭐）
Similarly to how you might steer your car throughout a turn or steer a bicycle throughout a turn, it's the same concept. 这和开车或骑自行车转弯时控制方向的原理是一样的。⭐ the same concept 同样的原理｜throughout a turn 整个转弯过程中
But I've got to use this twisting movement of my thighs and legs and feet to get the triangle to turn over to one side. 不过，我必须利用腿部和脚部的扭转动作，让楔形真正转向一边。⭐ twisting movement 扭转动作
It's okay, as you're making a direction change, to allow a little bit more weight to go to one ski. 转弯的时候，可以稍微把更多重量放到一只雪板上。⭐ allow…to… 允许……｜put more weight on… 把更多重量放在……上（本句同义）
But mostly we want to concentrate on turning the legs, turning the legs, steering the skis. 不过最重要的还是专注于转动双腿，用双腿控制雪板。⭐ concentrate on 专注于（⭐⭐）｜steer the skis 控制雪板方向
a little bit more weight, maybe&nbsp; 稍微多一点重心即可。 ⭐ &nbsp;&nbsp;
So from turning to the right, it's okay to have a teeny bit more weight on my left ski. 向右转时，可以稍微把更多重量放在左脚雪板上。 ⭐ &nbsp;&nbsp;
From turning to the left, it's okay to have a teeny bit more weight on the right ski. 向左转时，则稍微把更多重量放到右脚雪板上。 ⭐ &nbsp;&nbsp;
But I don't want to worry about having big movement side to side with my body. 但不要刻意让身体左右大幅摆动。⭐ side to side 左右地（⭐⭐）
Stay balanced, steer your skis by turning your legs. 保持平衡，用双腿来控制雪板转向。⭐ stay balanced 保持平衡
Here's what it looks like. 动作就是这样。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Again, a little bit of a triangle, nice basic balance stance. 还是保持一个小楔形和良好的基本平衡站姿。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Use my legs to twist my skis over to the side. 利用双腿扭动，让雪板转向一边。⭐ twist…over to… 扭转到……
Steer that triangle. 控制这个楔形。 ⭐ &nbsp;
A little teeny bit more weight on that left ski. 稍微把重心多放一点到左脚雪板上。
There's a direction change for you. 这样就完成一次转向了。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Really important to try that. 这一点非常值得练习。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Don't worry about making a really huge turn. 不用追求转一个特别大的弯。⭐ worry about doing sth 担心……
Just a little deviation from a straight line is a great place to start. 刚开始时，只要稍微偏离直线一点点就足够了。⭐ deviation from 偏离（⭐⭐⭐ C1）｜straight line 直线
Practice it to the right a bunch, practice it to the left a bunch. 左右两个方向都多练习。⭐ a bunch 大量，多次
Keep climbing up again. 继续爬坡，再练。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Get really good at this. 把这个动作练熟。⭐ get good at 擅长……
All right, so here's what it looks like to make a turn to the left. 好，下面演示一下向左转弯是什么样子。
A bit of a triangle, twist those legs to steer those skis. 保持一个小楔形，扭动双腿来控制雪板转向。⭐ steer the skis 控制雪板方向
Little teeny bit more weight on this right ski. Boom. 稍微把更多重心放到右脚雪板上，就完成了。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Now is when it really starts to become fun. 现在开始，真正有意思的部分来了。⭐ start to become fun 开始变得有趣
We're gonna try to link together some wedge turns. 接下来，我们要尝试把多个楔形转弯连接起来。⭐ link together 连接起来（⭐⭐）｜wedge turns 楔形转弯
So while I'm doing that, I'm gonna let my skis steer them over to one side and then kind of take a second and be in almost a neutral stance, gliding straight for a little bit before I start to twist and steer my skis back to the other side. 做这个动作时，我会先把雪板转向一侧，然后短暂停顿一下，保持接近中立站姿，直线滑行一小段，再开始扭动双腿，把雪板转向另一侧。 ⭐ neutral stance 中立站姿（⭐⭐）｜glide straight 直线滑行｜take a second 稍停一下（口语）｜steer…back to… 转回……
Again, what's important is not being in a hurry, not trying to make really sharp turns, and staying in the triangle. 再说一次，最重要的是不要着急，不要急着做很急的转弯，并始终保持楔形。 ⭐ be in a hurry 着急（⭐⭐）｜sharp turn 急转弯（⭐⭐）
Looks something like this. 动作大概就是这样。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Again, making sure I'm in a triangle, great basic stance. 再次确认自己保持楔形和正确的基本站姿。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Steer my skis by twisting my legs. 通过扭动双腿控制雪板方向。⭐ steer…by doing… 通过……来控制……
Neutral spot again. 再次回到中立姿势。⭐ neutral spot 中立位置
Making sure I'm in a triangle. 确保自己仍保持楔形。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Twist my legs, steer my triangle over to the side. 扭动双腿，让楔形滑向一侧。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Teeny bit more weight on this left ski. 稍微把更多重心放到左脚雪板。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Back into a neutral position again. 再次回到中立姿势。⭐ back into… 回到……
Start to twist my legs in the opposite direction. 开始朝相反方向扭动双腿。⭐ in the opposite direction 朝相反方向（⭐⭐）
A little bit more weight on this right ski. 稍微把更多重量放到右脚雪板。 ⭐ &nbsp;
Keep my basic stance with my shins tilted forwards. 继续保持小腿向前倾的基本站姿。⭐ keep one's stance 保持站姿｜tilted forward 向前倾
Each time I want to make a turn, I'm patient, twist both legs to steer my wedge, to steer that triangle. 每次转弯时，我都会耐心一点，通过控制动作，来控制方向。 ⭐ be patient 保持耐心
Feel those skis just gliding over the snow. 感受雪板在雪面上顺畅滑行。⭐ glide over… 滑过……
If you need to slow down a little bit, just scoop that turn a little bit more up the hill. 如果想减速一点，就把这个转弯再往山坡方向多带一点。⭐ slow down 减速｜scoop the turn 把弯拉大、拉向坡上（滑雪术语）
Linking wedge turns, that's skiing and that's fun. 把楔形转弯连续连接起来，这才是真正的滑雪，也是真正的乐趣。⭐ link turns 连续转弯
With those skills you have right now of being able to control your speed by making wedge turns, you're gonna be able to ski on any green run any place in the world, any mountain. 掌握了现在这些通过楔形转弯控制速度的技巧，你已经可以在世界上任何滑雪场的绿色初级雪道滑行了。⭐ control your speed 控制速度｜green run 初级雪道（⭐⭐）｜any place in the world 世界任何地方
Take note, as I was making those turns, I was letting my skis come across the hill to control my speed and not making a big triangle. 注意，当我转弯时，我是让雪板横切坡面来控制速度，而不是靠张开一个很大的楔形。⭐ take note 注意（⭐⭐⭐）｜come across the hill 横切坡面
Keep that in mind as you practice and practice and practice. 在不断练习的时候，一定要牢记这一点。⭐ keep…in mind 牢记（⭐⭐⭐）
You can't do enough of those. 这种练习做得再多都不嫌多。⭐ can't do enough of… 再……都不为过（⭐⭐⭐⭐ C1，非常地道）
The more you practice, the better you'll get and the more fun you're gonna have. 你练得越多，水平就会越高，也会玩得越开心。⭐ The more…, the more… 越……越……
The Professional Ski Instructors of America and REI hope you come out and take a lesson. 美国职业滑雪教练协会和 REI 希望你也能来到雪场，上一堂正式课程。⭐ take a lesson 上一节（技能）课程（⭐⭐）
Look forward to seeing you out there. 期待在雪场见到你。⭐ look forward to doing sth 期待……｜out there 在现场；在雪场（根据语境）