Where's my jumper from? Er, it's Gucc— No, it's my grandma's. I think she knitted it. 我的毛衣是哪来的？呃，是古驰……不，是我奶奶的。我觉得是她织的。⭐ knit v. 编织（衣物）｜jumper n. 毛衣（英式英语）
I look really wholesome. 看起来特别淳朴、健康、很有亲和力。 ⭐ wholesome (C1) 健康阳光的；给人纯真、积极感觉的
And the fact it was from my grandma, it's like a hug, innit. 而且这是我奶奶送的，就像一个拥抱一样，不是吗？⭐ it's like a hug 给人很温暖、很有安全感｜innit (= isn't it) 英国口语，相当于"对吧""是不是"
My name is Will Gao. I'm an actor and a musician. 我叫Will Gao。我是一名演员，也是一名音乐人。⭐ musician 音乐人（比 singer 更广泛）
This chair's wonky. 这把椅子有点歪歪扭扭的。⭐ wonky (C1, BrE) 歪的；不稳的；有点坏掉的
As you can see, we're in a forest. 如你所见，我们现在在一片森林里。⭐ as you can see 正如你所看到的
Jessie is, like, three years old. Jessie大概三岁左右。⭐ be like + 数字 大概、大约（口语）
I give her, like, cheeky bits of cheese. 我会偷偷喂她一点点奶酪。⭐ cheeky (B2/C1, BrE) 调皮的；偷偷摸摸但带点可爱的｜bits of 少量、一点点
I want to be her favorite. 我想成为她最喜欢的人。
I don't know many different types of cheeses, but Cheddar, yeah? 我不太懂各种奶酪，不过切达奶酪我还是知道的。⭐ types of cheese 奶酪种类｜Cheddar 切达奶酪
Maybe if she's lucky, Camembert. 要是她运气好的话，还能吃到卡芒贝尔奶酪。⭐ if someone's lucky 如果运气好的话｜Camembert 卡芒贝尔奶酪（法国软奶酪）
What's the squi— That's the squidgy one, isn't it? 那个软软的是叫什么来着？就是那个软乎乎的那个，对吧？⭐ squidgy (C1, BrE) 软软的；有弹性的
Yeah. This is her main stomping ground. 对。这就是她最常活动的地盘。⭐ stomping ground (C1) 常去的地方；地盘；活动范围
We're in Croydon right now. My stomping ground as well. 我们现在在Croydon。这也是我从小活动的地方。⭐ stomping ground 常待的地方
My mum's Chinese, and my dad's English, and we grew up kind of in both cultures, in Chinese culture and also English culture. 我妈妈是中国人，爸爸是英国人，所以我们是在两种文化中长大的，既有中国文化，也有英国文化。⭐ grow up in both cultures 在两种文化环境中成长
I was the oldest child with my little sister, who I'm also in a band with and I work with very closely, and then my little brother as well. 我是家里的老大，下面有一个妹妹，我和她还组了乐队，也经常一起工作，还有一个弟弟。⭐ be in a band with someone 和某人组乐队｜work closely with 与……密切合作
So, my dad's English, and he doesn't speak any Chinese. 我爸爸是英国人，他一点中文都不会说。
He doesn't really speak— Yeah, he tried, but it didn't work out. 他其实不会说……嗯，他试过学，但最后没成功。⭐ work out (B2) 成功；奏效
But my mum's Chinese, and she kind of grew up speaking to me in Chinese, so I kind of have a vocabulary. 不过我妈妈是中国人，她从小就用中文和我说话，所以我还是有一些中文词汇量的。⭐ grow up doing sth 从小一直……｜have a vocabulary 有一定词汇量
Mostly when she was angry at me. 主要是在她生我气的时候。⭐ be angry at someone 生某人的气
Like, when she's getting annoyed, it'll be in Chinese, so I know a lot of, like, rude and naughty words in Chinese. 比如她开始不耐烦的时候，就会切换成中文，所以我学会了很多中文里的脏话和调皮话。⭐ get annoyed (B2) 开始烦了；不耐烦｜rude words 粗话｜naughty words 调皮/不文明的话
Bèn dàn. It means "silly egg." "笨蛋"。字面意思就是"傻鸡蛋"。
My mum used to call me a bèn dàn a lot at the time. 我妈妈那时候经常叫我"笨蛋"。⭐ used to do 过去经常……
I went to an all-boys school throughout my whole education, and I just didn't feel, like, this sense of belonging that a lot of my friends felt. 我整个学生时代都在男校读书，但我一直没有那种很多朋友都有的归属感。⭐ all-boys school 男校｜throughout (B2) 整个……期间｜sense of belonging (C1) 归属感
And I think that was, like, a really big part of my childhood. 我觉得那是我童年非常重要的一部分。
But now it's great because I'm in a place where I get to explore that a lot, and I really get to, like, dissect why that is and why I was feeling like that. 但现在很好，因为我到了能够深入探索这些问题的阶段，也终于能够认真剖析为什么会这样，以及当时为什么会有那样的感受。⭐ be in a place where… (C1) 处于一个能够……的阶段｜explore (B2) 深入探索｜dissect (C1) 剖析；深入分析
It actually clicked when I saw a play in London called The Great Wave. 直到我在伦敦看了一部叫《The Great Wave》的话剧，我才一下子明白过来。⭐ it clicked (C1) 一下子想通了；突然明白了
It was at the National Theatre, and it was an all East Asian cast. 那是在国家剧院演出的，而且演员全部都是东亚裔。⭐ cast 演员阵容｜all East Asian cast 全东亚裔演员阵容
And I had this overwhelming sense of inclusivity, and I got to meet a couple of the actors afterwards. 当时我感受到一种特别强烈的包容感，后来还有机会见到了几位演员。⭐ overwhelming sense of… (C1) 强烈的……感｜inclusivity (C1) 包容性｜get to do sth 有机会做某事
It was pretty cool. 真的特别棒。
I feel the pressure of being one of few British East Asian actors who are leading the industry, I guess, or being the most visible, so I feel that need to be able to speak about this issue and to be really honest about it. 作为少数活跃在行业前列、曝光度最高的英籍东亚裔演员之一，我确实感到一种压力。所以我觉得自己有责任去谈论这个议题，并且真诚地表达自己的想法。⭐ feel the pressure of… 感受到……的压力｜lead the industry (C1) 引领行业｜be the most visible (C1) 曝光度最高；最受关注｜feel the need to do sth 觉得有必要做某事｜be honest about sth 坦诚谈论某事
I didn't feel represented on screen. 我觉得自己没有在荧幕上得到代表。⭐ feel represented (C1) 感到自己被代表、被呈现｜on screen 在荧幕上
On television, especially in the UK, we have such an issue with representation. 在电视上，尤其是在英国，族群代表性一直是一个很大的问题。⭐ have an issue with… (B2) 在……方面存在问题｜representation (C1) 代表性；多元呈现
Only now I'm starting to see East Asian … British East Asian actors being represented in acting and in our industry in general. 直到现在，我才开始看到东亚裔，尤其是英籍东亚裔演员，在影视行业以及整个行业中逐渐得到更多的呈现。⭐ be represented 得到呈现、获得代表性｜in general 总体来说；整体而言
I think it's been really recent, and we've got a long way to go, but we're nowhere near where we need to get … so yeah. 我觉得这一切其实都是最近才开始的，我们还有很长的路要走，而且距离真正理想的状态还差得很远。⭐ have a long way to go (C1) 还有很长的路要走｜be nowhere near… (C1) 远远达不到……
My dad was an actor, a true theater actor, and a lot of his friends are in that kind of creative world and space. 我爸爸是一名演员，一位真正的戏剧演员，他的很多朋友也都在创意行业工作。⭐ creative world / creative space (C1) 创意行业；创意领域
And I think I looked up to my mum and dad's love of culture and art, and I think that really influenced me growing up, and I think a couple of teachers at school as well. 我很敬佩我父母对文化和艺术的热爱，我觉得这对我的成长影响很大，学校里的几位老师也是如此。⭐ look up to (B2) 敬佩；仰慕｜influence somebody growing up 对某人的成长产生影响
I think music and the world of theater and performance are very linked together. 我觉得音乐、戏剧和表演其实是紧密联系在一起的。⭐ be linked together (B2) 紧密联系在一起
My school was connected with a commercial boys choir, and so I spent four years doing a lot of opera, which is a really niche thing. 我的学校和一个职业男童合唱团有合作，所以我花了四年时间演歌剧。歌剧其实是一个挺小众的领域。⭐ be connected with 与……有合作/联系｜choir 合唱团｜niche (C1) 小众的；特定群体的
But I learned a lot more about music, and also it gave me a great opportunity to practice acting because opera's very … very dramatic and intense. 不过我学到了很多音乐知识，而且歌剧也给了我很多练习表演的机会，因为歌剧本身就非常戏剧化、情绪浓烈。⭐ give somebody an opportunity to do sth｜dramatic (B2) 戏剧化的｜intense (B2) 强烈的；情绪浓烈的
Beijing opera, like, the "Ba!", like, that stuff, yeah, that's … that's really intense. 京剧，比如那种"吧！"的唱腔，就是那种感觉，真的特别有张力。⭐ Beijing opera 京剧｜intense 张力十足的；感染力很强的
I went to one in Beijing. It's, like, one hour of organized carnage. 我在北京看过一场。感觉就像一个小时的"有组织的混乱"。⭐ organized carnage (C2, 幽默表达) 有序的混乱；极其热闹、眼花缭乱
I remember performing in a Shakespeare opera, A Midsummer Night's Dream by Benjamin Britten, and I was playing one of the fairies. 我记得我演过一部根据莎士比亚作品改编的歌剧《仲夏夜之梦》，作曲是Benjamin Britten，我演的是其中一个小仙子。⭐ perform in 参演｜play a role / play one of the fairies 饰演角色
So I spent a few years doing that, and then my voice broke. 所以我唱了几年歌剧，后来变声了。⭐ voice break (B2) （青春期）变声
I got fired. 结果我被"开除了"。⭐ get fired 被解雇；这里是幽默地指因为变声不能继续唱童声
But I still enjoy music, and I still enjoyed acting, but I was forced to go back to school, which was shit. 不过我还是喜欢音乐，也喜欢表演，只是不得不回学校读书，那真的很糟糕。⭐ be forced to do sth 被迫做某事
My mum always said, like, "Just keep at it." 我妈妈总是说："坚持下去。"⭐ keep at it (C1) 坚持下去；别放弃
My mum was like, "Just keep going because at some point you'll be able to … come back." 我妈妈总是说："继续坚持，总有一天你会回过头来看这一切。"⭐ keep going 坚持下去｜at some point 在某个时候｜come back 回过头来看（结合上下文理解）
"And realize that the hard work paid off," you know. "到时候你就会发现，所有的努力都是值得的。"⭐ pay off (C1) 得到回报；获得成果
Yeah. My mum and my dad, they cared a lot about my education and, like, what I was up to. 是啊，我爸妈一直很重视我的教育，也很关心我每天在做些什么。⭐ care a lot about 非常重视｜be up to (B2) 在做什么；忙些什么
But then when I was like, "You know what?" "Actually, I want to be an actor. I want to be a musician." "I want to be creative," they were pretty supportive of it, actually. 但后来当我说："你知道吗？其实我想当演员，我想做音乐，我想从事创意工作。"他们其实都非常支持我。⭐ You know what? 你知道吗？（开启新话题）｜be creative 从事创意工作；做有创造性的事情｜be supportive of (B2) 支持……；赞同……
I was blessed in that respect. 在那方面，我真的很幸运。⭐ be blessed in that respect (C1) 在这方面很幸运
The scariest moment of my life? You're just rushed out, and suddenly there's a camera, like, "boomph," and I forgot my line completely. &nbsp;你就这样被匆忙推了出去，突然镜头"唰"地对着你，我一下子把台词全忘了。我人生中最可怕的一刻？ ⭐ be rushed out 被匆忙推出去｜forget one's lines 忘台词
You've got a lot of people around. Got used to it, though. 周围围着很多人。不过后来也就习惯了。⭐ get used to (B2) 逐渐习惯
Two months after Heartstopper came out, I was walking down the street, and there's a group of young girls, and one of them, like, broke down crying, like, kind of seeing me, and then—I think they'd just seen the show.&nbsp; Heartstopper播出两个月后，我走在街上，看到一群年轻女孩，其中一个看到我之后突然哭了出来。我猜她们刚刚看完那部剧。 ⭐ come out （电影、剧集）上映；播出｜break down crying (C1) 突然崩溃大哭
It had such a profound impact on so many people, and it really helped people discover themselves and realize that they had a place and a group that they were accepted into. 它对很多人都产生了深远的影响，也帮助很多人认识了真正的自己，并意识到自己也有一个可以被接纳、属于自己的群体。⭐ have a profound impact on (C1) 对……产生深远影响｜discover oneself 认识自己｜have a place 有属于自己的位置｜be accepted into 被接纳进入……
I think the great thing about having an ensemble cast and a cast of, I mean, we're all the same age, right? 我觉得群像演员阵容最大的好处就是，我们年龄都差不多。⭐ ensemble cast (C1) 群像演员阵容
We're all between the ages of, like, 17 and 22, 23, so we're all there to support each other, and I think it was such a huge moment for all of us. 我们都在17岁到22、23岁之间，所以大家都会互相支持。我觉得那对我们所有人来说都是人生中的一个重大时刻。⭐ support each other｜a huge moment 人生的重要时刻
I remember giving many a call to some of my castmates to check in with them, see if they were OK. 我记得我给很多一起演戏的演员打电话，关心他们，看看他们是否还好。⭐ castmate (C1) 同剧演员｜check in with somebody (C1) 联系某人、关心近况｜many a… (C2) 许多（文学/正式表达）
Life just turned up a notch, like, the noise of life, and also the accelerator pedal was like "vrooooph." 生活一下子升级了一个档次。生活的噪音变大了，人生的油门也一下踩到底了。⭐ turn up a notch (C1) 提升一个等级；更进一步｜accelerator pedal 油门（比喻人生加速）
Sebastian Croft, I had a long-ass streak with him that ended when I deleted Snapchat. 我和Sebastian Croft原本保持了超长的Snapchat连续打卡记录，但我删掉Snapchat之后就断了。⭐ long-ass (C1, 俚语) 超长的；特别长的｜streak （Snapchat）连续打卡天数
I learned a lot about the history of the LGBT community. 我学到了很多关于LGBT群体历史的知识。 ⭐ community n.指某群体
I explored Stonewall and gay rights movement and how little there actually has been. 我去了解了Stonewall事件、同性恋权益运动，也意识到其实真正取得的进步还很有限。⭐ gay rights movement｜Stonewall｜how little there has been 实际取得的成果有多么有限
And it was really empowering to be part of that show because, like, this show is, like, the first show that's really celebrating it and not just using it as some, like, negative spin-off. 能参与这部剧真的让我很有力量，因为它是真正去庆祝这个群体，而不是把它当作一个负面的附属元素来消费。⭐ be empowering (C1) 令人充满力量｜be part of｜celebrate 正面展现、歌颂｜spin-off 衍生物（这里指附属、陪衬）
I did a bit of modeling for a bit. 我以前也做过一段时间模特。⭐ do a bit of… 做一点……
I was, like, in East Croydon Station, as you do. 当时我就在East Croydon车站，很平常嘛。⭐ as you do (C1, BrE) 很正常嘛；人都会这样
And this lady came up to me, and she was like … "Well, what's your name?" 有位女士走过来问我："你叫什么名字？"⭐ come up to somebody 走近某人
I was like, "Will," and she kind of scouted me. 我说"Will"，然后她就把我发掘了。⭐ scout (C1) 发掘；物色新人
I thought it was, like, a scam, but it turned out it was legit. 我一开始还以为是骗局，结果竟然是真的。⭐ turn out (B2) 结果证明｜scam (B2) 骗局｜legit (C1, 口语) 真的；靠谱的
I had some crazy stories from it, like fashion show afterparties are … they're nuts. 我经历了很多疯狂的事情，比如时装秀的庆功派对，真的太疯狂了。⭐ afterparty｜be nuts (C1) 疯狂得不得了
Underage. Shh. 那时候我还没到法定年龄。嘘。⭐ underage 未成年
I've gone to Beijing quite a few times in my life because my grandparents are there, and a lot of my family are there. 我人生中去过北京很多次，因为我的祖父母和很多家人都在那里。⭐ quite a few 相当多
Seeing my grandma LaoLao in the outskirts of Beijing and just stay there with her. 去北京郊区看我的外婆"姥姥"，然后陪她住一段时间。 ⭐ the outskirts of… ……郊区
She cooked many a meal. 她给我做了无数顿饭。⭐ many a meal (C2) 很多顿饭（文学表达）
Beijing to London, I'd love to bring those stalls with, like, hot peanuts and, like, snacks and traditional Chinese pancakes. 如果是从北京带到伦敦，我最想把那些卖热花生、小吃和中式煎饼的小摊一起搬过去。⭐ food stall｜traditional Chinese pancakes
I think it's the breakfast food there, like bao buns and, like, baozi. 我最怀念的是北京的早餐，比如包子之类的。 ⭐ breakfast food早餐 ｜&nbsp; bao buns 包子
I remember every time we'd get there, like, in the morning, my grandmother would prepare them, like, fresh from the market. 我记得每次早上到北京，我外婆都会用刚从市场买回来的新鲜食材给我们准备早餐。⭐ fresh from the market 刚从市场买来的
I think Croydon could do with some of those. 我觉得Croydon也很需要这些东西。⭐ could do with (C1) 需要；最好有
Chinese food is just the vibe. 中餐真的就是最对味、最有感觉。⭐ be the vibe (C1, 口语) 太有感觉了；就是那个氛围
My dad's knowledge of cooking, like, he had, like, one recipe book. 我爸爸对做饭的了解基本就来自一本菜谱。 ⭐ recipe book 菜谱
He had a Delia Smith cookbook, and he followed that like religion. 他有一本Delia Smith的菜谱，而且完全照着做，简直奉若圣经。⭐ follow something like religion (C1) 把……奉为圭臬；严格遵循
Whereas my mum kind of improvised, and she had that training from … passed down from, like, grandparents, great-grandparents. 而我妈妈更多是凭经验发挥，因为她的厨艺是一代代从祖辈那里传承下来的。⭐ improvise (C1) 即兴发挥｜pass down (B2) 代代相传
I can't handle spicy food. I literally can't handle it. 我真的吃不了辣，一点都不行。⭐ handle spicy food 吃得了辣
I'm a … I'm a shame to my mum. 我真是给我妈妈丢脸了。⭐ be a shame to somebody (C1) 让某人觉得丢脸
Introducing— Oh, my sister's not here.&nbsp; Me and Olivia, who's my wonderful and very talented sister, started a band called Wasia Project in 2018. 下面介绍……噢，我妹妹不在。 我和我特别优秀、非常有才华的妹妹Olivia在2018年组建了一个叫Wasia Project的乐队。 ⭐ start a band 创建乐队
But then it kind of started to build, and we started doing shows, and we released an EP that did really well. 后来乐队慢慢有了起色，我们开始演出，还发行了一张成绩很不错的EP。⭐ start to build (C1) 开始发展起来｜release an EP｜do well 取得不错的成绩
And then we've kind of been thrown into this kind of chaos of releasing music and being in the studio and going to gigs, and it's been really, really fun. 后来我们就一下子投入到发歌、录音、跑演出这样忙碌又混乱的生活中，不过真的特别开心。⭐ be thrown into (C1) 被一下子投入到……｜be in the studio 在录音棚录音｜gig (B2) 现场演出｜chaos (B2) 忙乱；混乱状态
Most songs now, we both do together. 现在大多数歌曲都是我们俩一起完成的。⭐ do together：一起完成（项目、工作等）
Like, I'll bring an idea, she'll develop it, we'll sit in a room, talk about it, and then when we produce it, obviously, we're there together … arguing, but healthy, healthy arguing. 比如，我先提出一个想法，她会把它进一步完善，我们会坐在一个房间里讨论它，然后制作的时候，我们当然也会一直待在一起……争论，不过是那种健康的、建设性的争论。⭐ bring an idea：提出一个想法｜develop an idea：完善、拓展一个想法｜healthy arguing：良性的争论，建设性的分歧
Also, songwriting's such a vulnerable thing. 而且，写歌本身就是一件非常需要袒露内心的事情。⭐ vulnerable：脆弱的；容易暴露内心的（B2/C1）
I think, especially at times where I've been quite low or written songs that are quite sad, and vice versa for her, we've been uncomfortable to share it, but we know exactly what the vibe is. 尤其是在我情绪低落、或者写了一些很悲伤的歌的时候，她也是一样，我们都会有点不好意思分享，但彼此都能立刻明白那种感觉。⭐ be quite low：情绪低落｜vice versa：反之亦然（C1）｜the vibe：氛围；感觉；整体调性（B2）
Like, we'll turn, face away from each other, and, like, it's really sweet. 比如，我们会转过身，背对着彼此，那画面还挺温馨的。⭐ face away from：背对着……
ABBA and Queen and, like, The Beatles were, like, an underscore for my whole childhood. ABBA、Queen 和 The Beatles 的音乐几乎成了我整个童年的背景音乐。⭐ underscore（名词，比喻）：背景、衬托、底色（这里指"人生的背景音乐"）
And me and my sister, there's so many home movies of just us, like, dancing to, like, ABBA and just hearing these sounds that made me want to move and perform. 我和我妹妹有很多家庭录像，里面都是我们跟着 ABBA 跳舞，听着那些音乐，那些声音让我忍不住想动起来、想表演。⭐ home movies：家庭录像｜dance to…：跟着……跳舞
I think my dad played more ABBA, and he played The Beatles, a lot of The Beatles, and Frank Sinatra. 我爸爸更多放的是 ABBA，还有 The Beatles，尤其是很多 Beatles 的歌，以及 Frank Sinatra。⭐ play（音乐）：播放（音乐）
And then my mum played, like, a lot of Bee Gees, a lot of Carpenters, and they're a big influence now for me and my sister because, obviously, the Carpenters were siblings as well. 而我妈妈则经常放 Bee Gees 和 Carpenters。现在他们对我和我妹妹影响都很大，因为 Carpenters 本身也是兄妹组合。⭐ be a big influence on：对……有很大影响｜siblings：兄弟姐妹（B2）
It's such a privilege to say that I literally get to make music with my sister for a living. 能够说自己靠和妹妹一起做音乐谋生，这真的是一种幸运。⭐ It's a privilege to…：能够……是一种荣幸/幸运（B2）｜for a living：以此谋生
It's just mad. 这真的太疯狂了。⭐ mad（英口）：太不可思议了；太疯狂了（B2）
I think I'm quite a frantic person, especially before gigs. 我觉得自己是个挺容易慌乱的人，尤其是在演出前。⭐ frantic：慌张的；手忙脚乱的（C1）｜gig：演出；现场演出（B2）
I'm quite nervous, and I'm high energy and frantic, and she's really chilled. 我会特别紧张，精力旺盛又有点慌，而她就特别放松。⭐ high energy：精力充沛的｜chilled：很放松、很淡定（口语，B2）
She's collected, and she's calm, and it's like yin and yang. 她很沉着、很冷静，我们俩就像阴和阳一样互补。⭐ collected：沉着冷静的（C1）｜yin and yang：阴阳，比喻性格互补
The idea comes from scratch when you're writing a song. 写歌的时候，一个想法往往是从零开始产生的。⭐ from scratch：从零开始（B2）
It comes from nothing, or it comes from an emotion, feeling, like sadness or happiness or love or friendship, and you attach them. 它可能源于一无所有，也可能源于某种情绪，比如悲伤、快乐、爱情或友情，然后你把这些情感串联起来。⭐ come from：源于｜attach：把……联系起来；赋予（这里指将情感附着到作品上）
It's such a raw kind of craft. 这是一门非常原始、非常真实的创作艺术。⭐ raw：真实而未经修饰的；原始的（C1）｜craft：技艺；创作艺术（C1）
Whereas with acting, I think you're bringing … you're finding the emotion within a piece of writing. 而演戏则不同，你是在一段已经写好的文本中去寻找情感。⭐ whereas：然而；而（B2）｜within a piece of writing：在一篇作品/剧本之中
That's the biggest difference. 这就是两者最大的区别。⭐ the biggest difference：最大的区别
There are challenges, like, everywhere you go. 无论走到哪里都会遇到挑战。⭐ everywhere you go：无论到哪里
But for me, with acting and music, believing in myself was a big thing. 但对我来说，无论是演戏还是做音乐，真正重要的是相信自己。⭐ believe in yourself：相信自己（固定搭配）｜be a big thing：非常重要
Yeah. Mitski is an artist that is just …so interesting in just everything she's been doing. 嗯，Mitski 是一位非常有意思的艺术家，她做的每一件事都特别吸引我。⭐ everything she's been doing：她一直以来所做的一切（现在完成进行时的延续含义）
Dream collab would be with Mitski. 我最梦想合作的对象是 Mitski。⭐ dream collab：梦想中的合作（collab = collaboration，口语，B2）
So if Mitski's seeing this, please. 所以如果 Mitski 看到了这个，请联系我吧。⭐ if … is seeing this：如果……看到了这个（网络视频常见表达）
I saw her live at the Roundhouse, and she is just insane. 我在 Roundhouse 看过她的现场演出，她真的太厉害了。⭐ see someone live：看某人的现场演出｜insane（口语）：厉害得离谱；惊艳（B2）
Just the whole soundworld she's created is like … just such a fusion. 她创造出来的整个音乐世界，就是一种非常奇妙的融合。⭐ soundworld：音乐世界、声音风格（C1）｜fusion：融合；混合（B2/C1）
It's like … it's a love letter to, like, 1980s Japan, but it's also just through, like, the lens of modern-day pop, which is just so inspiring for me and Olivia. 它就像是一封写给 20 世纪 80 年代日本的情书，但又是通过现代流行音乐的视角来呈现，这对我和 Olivia 来说特别有启发。⭐ a love letter to…：献给……的情书；向……致敬（C1）｜through the lens of…：通过……的视角（C1）｜modern-day：现代的，当代的
I just kind of try and stay disconnected from social media. 我尽量让自己远离社交媒体。⭐ stay disconnected from：与……保持距离；不接触（B2）
I try and stay in real life as I possibly can. 我尽可能多地活在现实生活里。⭐ in real life：现实生活中｜as … as I possibly can：尽可能……
But TikTok is becoming a very broad platform now, and I think it's not just TikTok dances. 不过现在 TikTok 已经变成了一个内容非常丰富的平台，不再只是跳舞视频了。⭐ broad platform：内容广泛的平台
There's so many people doing so many different things. 有很多人在上面做着各种各样的内容。⭐ do different things：做各种不同的事情（口语高频）
So I actually think I need to embrace TikTok more than I have been. 所以我觉得自己应该比现在更积极地接受、使用 TikTok。⭐ embrace：欣然接受；拥抱（新事物）（C1）｜more than I have been：比目前更加……
Not doing TikTok dances because that would be very embarrassing, and I wouldn't want to do that. 不过不会去跳 TikTok 舞，因为那对我来说太尴尬了，我可不想这么做。⭐ embarrassing：令人尴尬的（B2）
My dancing will never be seen. 我的舞姿永远不会公开。⭐ will never be seen：永远不会被别人看到
Like, yeah, that's not— That … that can't happen. 对，那可不行，绝对不能发生。⭐ that can't happen：那绝对不行（口语）
No one can see my— Yeah, no. 谁都不能看到我的……算了，不行。⭐ Yeah, no.：英美口语，表示"还是算了/不行"
I think I'm going to stick with the music and the acting as the main … as the main thing. 我觉得我还是会把音乐和演戏作为自己的主业。⭐ stick with：坚持做；继续从事（B2）
I want to, like, fuse my two kind of worlds into one and explore, like, projects that incorporate both. 我希望把我的两个世界融合在一起，去尝试那些能够同时结合音乐和表演的项目。⭐ fuse…into…：把……融合成……（C1）｜incorporate：包含；融合（C1）
Jessie was born … three years ago. She was a tiny puppy. Jessie是三年前出生的。 那时候她还是一只很小的小狗。 ⭐ puppy n. 幼犬，可爱小狗
And we called her Jessie because I think … I can't remember. 我们给她取名 Jessie，不过为什么叫这个名字，我已经记不清了。⭐ call somebody…：给……取名
And then I just remember walking her lots and caring for her. 我只记得经常带她出去遛，还一直照顾她。⭐ walk a dog：遛狗｜care for：照顾（B2）
Yeah, I really like Jessie, but she does literally the stinkiest poos, like, it's actually— 我真的很喜欢 Jessie，不过她拉的便便真的臭到离谱。⭐ stinkiest：最臭的（最高级）｜literally：真的；简直（口语强调）
You saw today, the poos, like, it was literally abysmal. 你今天看到她拉的便便了吧，真的臭得惨不忍睹。⭐ abysmal：糟糕透顶的；极其差的（C1）
I hope this doesn't make the final cut. 希望这一段不会被剪进最终版本。⭐ make the final cut：进入最终剪辑版；最终被保留下来（C1，影视常用）