Free skiing, I mean, that's an extreme sport. 自由式滑雪，我是说，它是一项极限运动。⭐️【extreme sport = 极限运动】
Can you tell us a bit what it is because I think not everyone around the globe really knows what that discipline really is. 你能简单介绍一下它吗？因为我觉得世界各地并不是每个人都真正了解这个项目。⭐️【around the globe = 世界各地】【discipline = 体育项目；比赛项目】
So free skiing is you're on skis, and the skis look a little bit different from race skis or your typical rental skis because they are twin tips. 自由式滑雪就是你脚踩双板，而这种滑雪板看起来和竞速滑雪板或常见的租赁滑雪板有些不同，因为它采用双翘设计。⭐️【race skis = 竞速滑雪板】【twin tips = 双翘滑雪板】
So the front goes up and the back also goes up. 也就是说，滑雪板的前端和后端都会向上翘起。
So that allows you to ski switch backwards and you'll need to ski backwards because it's pretty much like gymnastics on skis, you're doing flips, you're doing spins. 这样你就可以反脚向后滑；而你确实需要掌握倒滑，因为这项运动基本上就像在滑雪板上做体操，你要完成空翻和旋转。⭐️【ski switch = 反脚滑行】【gymnastics on skis = 滑雪板上的体操】【do flips/spins = 做空翻／旋转动作】
There's a half pipe which is shaped like this and you jump out and back in. 有一种场地叫U型池，形状大概是这样的，运动员会从池壁跃到空中，再落回池中。⭐️【half pipe = U型池】【jump out and back in = 跃出后再落回】
And then there's another discipline called slopestyle, which is jumps and rails. 另外还有一个叫坡面障碍技巧的项目，场地中设有跳台和栏杆。⭐️【slopestyle = 坡面障碍技巧】【jumps and rails = 跳台和栏杆】
And then finally, the last discipline is called big air, which is just one big jump. 最后一个项目叫大跳台，就是完成一次大型跳跃。⭐️【big air = 大跳台】
And in terms of skiing, what makes it different from anything else is that it is very expressive. 就滑雪而言，它与其他项目的不同之处在于，它非常富有表现力。⭐️【what makes it different from anything else = 它区别于其他事物的地方】【expressive = 富有表现力的】
It's very creative in terms of gymnastics, right, it's beautiful, it's so difficult, but at the same time, there are set difficulties for different tricks, whereas in skiing there is no score based on only difficulty—it is scored on difficulty, amplitude, execution, variety and style. 从技巧动作来看，它很有创造力，对吧？它既优美又极其困难；但与此同时，体操中不同动作都有规定的难度系数，而自由式滑雪并不只根据难度评分，它还会从难度、高度、完成度、多样性和风格几个方面进行评判。⭐️【set difficulties = 规定的难度系数】【whereas = 然而；而（话语功能：对比）】【amplitude = 动作幅度／腾空高度】【execution = 动作完成度】
So if you do it differently than anybody else, it'll score higher even if you're doing the same trick and everybody will do that trick differently. 所以，即使大家做的是同一个动作，只要你的完成方式与众不同，就能获得更高的分数，而每个人呈现这个动作的方式也确实会有所不同。
And so in that way, it makes it really interesting because it allows for a lot of freedom and creativity and self-expression, and it allows you to kind of personalize your own skiing. 正因为如此，这项运动才格外有趣：它提供了很大的自由度和创造空间，让人能够自我表达，并形成个人化的滑雪风格。⭐️【in that way = 正因为如此（话语功能：承接结果）】【allow for = 使……成为可能；为……留出空间】【self-expression = 自我表达】【personalize = 使个性化】
I always like to say that if everybody was wearing black and everybody was doing the same trick and I was watching from a far distance, I would be able to tell who is who, because you can really show your own style and influence into skiing. 我经常说，假如所有人都穿着黑色、做着相同的动作，而我在很远的地方观看，我依然能够分辨出谁是谁，因为每个人确实都可以把自己的风格和影响融入滑雪之中。⭐️【tell who is who = 分辨出谁是谁】【put your own style into something = 把自己的风格融入某事物】
So that's what I love so much about it. 所以，这就是我如此热爱它的原因。
You achieved your first World Cup victory in Italy in 2019 when you were only 15. 2019年，你年仅15岁就在意大利获得了个人首个世界杯冠军。
What has happened since then? 从那以后都发生了些什么？
Wow... A lot has happened since then. 哇……从那以后真的发生了很多事情。
I would say, I think what's really fun is because things have happened so fast I definitely still have the kind of underdog mentality in the sense that I now have enough confidence to enter any competition and have the intention to win, but also not really the age or the time experience to really expect it. 我觉得真正有趣的是，因为一切发生得太快了，我依然保留着一种不被看好的挑战者心态：一方面，我现在有足够的信心参加任何比赛，并抱着夺冠的目标；另一方面，我的年龄和参赛经历又不足以让我理所当然地期待自己获胜。⭐️【underdog mentality = 不被看好者／挑战者心态】【in the sense that = 也就是说；具体而言（话语功能：解释）】【have the intention to do something = 有意／打算做某事】
So what that means is I feel like it's created a really healthy mindset for me competitively. 所以，这意味着它让我在面对比赛时形成了一种非常健康的心态。⭐️【competitively = 在竞技／比赛方面】
I have won X-Games, I've won world championships. 我赢得过世界极限运动会，也获得过世界锦标赛冠军。
I've made history as the first person of Chinese descent to ever win X-Games, I'm the first female rookie to ever win three medals at X-Games. 我创造了历史，成为首位赢得世界极限运动会冠军的华裔选手，也是首位在世界极限运动会上获得三枚奖牌的女子新秀。⭐️【make history = 创造历史】【of Chinese descent = 华裔的】【rookie = 新秀】
I'm the first female rookie to win ski halfpipe. 我也是首位赢得自由式滑雪U型池项目冠军的女子新秀。
One of my biggest goals in skiing has always been to inspire young girls, especially young Asian-American girls or young girls who don't really see representation in our sport yet. 我在滑雪领域最大的目标之一，一直是激励年轻女孩，尤其是亚裔美国女孩，以及那些尚未在这项运动中看到与自己相似的代表人物的女孩。⭐️【see representation = 看到自身群体获得代表】【representation = 代表性；群体呈现】
And so that is really exciting to me because I've always had that as a goal. 所以，这令我十分激动，因为它一直都是我的目标。
But being able to see those records being broken and see myself taking those steps towards it is kind of a mind-bending moment for me. 而亲眼看到这些纪录被打破，看到自己一步步接近这个目标，对我而言是一种令人难以置信的体验。⭐️【take steps towards something = 一步步朝某个目标前进】【mind-bending = 令人难以置信的；颠覆认知的】
So it's happened really fast, but I'm really grateful for all the people who've been around me, my sponsors, IWC, my family, my mom, my coaches who have supported me the whole time. 所以，一切发生得非常快，但我由衷感谢一直陪伴在我身边的人，包括我的赞助商、IWC、我的家人、妈妈和教练，他们始终都在支持我。⭐️【the whole time = 自始至终；一直】
Sometimes you feel like as a young person, you feel like, Oh, I have to wait until I'm older before I can really make change or before I can really do things that are important and impactful to the world. 有时，作为一个年轻人，你会觉得：“我必须等到年纪再大一些，才能真正促成改变，才能去做那些对世界而言重要而且有影响力的事情。”⭐️【make change = 促成改变】【impactful = 有重大影响的】
But really, I think it's important to be a young person and to show that age doesn't dictate capability and that experience teaches more than anything else. 但事实上，我认为，以年轻人的身份证明年龄并不能决定能力，并证明亲身经历比任何事情都更能使人成长，是非常重要的。⭐️【dictate capability = 决定一个人的能力】【more than anything else = 胜过其他任何事物】
And so, yeah, I think that is my biggest goal, and it's something that I wish I had more of growing up. 所以，是的，我认为这就是我最大的目标，也是我希望自己成长过程中能够拥有更多的东西。⭐️【growing up = 在成长过程中】
But also, I'm really grateful because I grew up in a very healthy and supportive environment with my mom and my grandma, who are both incredibly empowered women and who served as the role models that I didn't really see on TV or in this sport or other extreme sports, for that matter. 但与此同时，我也非常感恩，因为我在妈妈和外婆营造的健康且充满支持的环境中长大。她们都是非常独立而有力量的女性，也成为了我在电视上、这项运动中乃至其他极限运动中都很少见到的榜样。⭐️【empowered women = 独立自主、有力量的女性】【serve as a role model = 成为榜样】【for that matter = 就此而言；甚至可以说（话语功能：补充／扩大范围）】
So I wanted to be kind of the one to introduce skiing to people to show people the joy of it. 因此，我希望自己能够成为那个把滑雪介绍给大众、让人们看到其中乐趣的人。
And so that when people think of free skiing, they don't think of an older white man. 这样一来，当人们想到自由式滑雪时，脑海中出现的就不会是一位年长的白人男性。
They think of a young, worldly biracial girl who is bubbly and likes to do a bunch of different things and has this genuine passion for the sport. 他们会想到一个年轻、见多识广的混血女孩：她性格活泼，喜欢尝试各种事情，而且对这项运动怀有真挚的热情。⭐️【worldly = 见多识广的】【biracial = 混血的；拥有双种族背景的】【bubbly = 活泼开朗的】【a bunch of = 许多】【genuine passion = 真挚的热情】
And that was probably my biggest goal. 而这或许就是我最大的目标。
And now, you know, looking in China, it absolutely has paid off. 而现在，看看自由式滑雪在中国的发展，这些努力显然已经取得了成效。⭐️【pay off = 取得成效；得到回报】
Before there was nobody at the ski resorts. 从前，滑雪场里几乎没有人。
I knew everybody who freeskied in China because there were only a handful of them. 我认识当时中国所有玩自由式滑雪的人，因为总共只有寥寥几人。⭐️【a handful of = 少数；寥寥几个】
There were probably 20 or 30 people in the whole country who knew about it and who were really doing the sport. 当时全国大概只有二三十个人了解并真正参与这项运动。
And now, you know, I could never count. 而现在，我已经完全数不过来了。
I show up to a resort and there are just lines everywhere and people are with their families and their friends, and everyone's having a great time. 我一到滑雪场，就会看到到处都排着队，人们和家人、朋友一起滑雪，每个人都玩得非常开心。⭐️【show up to = 来到；出现在】
And so it's really exploding. 所以，这项运动确实正在迅速兴起。⭐️【explode = 迅速兴起；爆发式增长】
So I'm really glad to have even made a small impact in that. 所以，哪怕自己只为此带来了一点影响，我也感到非常高兴。⭐️【make an impact = 产生影响】
You often say that your Asian-American background has shaped your character. 你经常说，自己的亚裔美国人背景塑造了你的性格。⭐️【shape your character = 塑造你的性格】
Could you describe that a bit what it really taught you? 你能具体谈一谈这种背景究竟教会了你什么吗？
I think that growing up between two different cultures helped me a lot with diversity and with understanding and learning in the sense that I was very aware of the similarities and differences of culture from a very young age. 我认为，在两种不同文化之间长大，让我对多元文化、理解和学习有了更深的认识，因为我从很小的时候就对不同文化之间的相似与差异非常敏感。⭐️【grow up between two cultures = 在两种文化之间长大】【in the sense that = 具体而言；因为（话语功能：解释）】【be aware of = 意识到；留意到】
So by the age of three, I was fully bilingual and I was noticing the little differences in the kinds of food, but also in the way that people interacted over dinner or hot water versus cold water, the age-old debate. 所以，我三岁时就已经完全掌握两种语言，也开始注意到食物种类上的细微差别，以及人们在餐桌上的互动方式，甚至还有喝热水还是冷水这个由来已久的争论。⭐️【fully bilingual = 能熟练使用两种语言的】【interact over dinner = 在餐桌上互动】【age-old debate = 由来已久的争论】
And so growing up in that environment, I think, has allowed me to then become more receptive of even more cultures as I grow older. 所以我认为，在这样的环境中长大，让我随着年龄增长，能够以更加开放的态度接纳更多文化。⭐️【be receptive to = 乐于接受；对……持开放态度】
So now coming to Europe more often or traveling to different cities with kind of different traditions in their own geographical locations. 因此，现在当我更频繁地来到欧洲，或者前往因地理位置不同而拥有各自传统的城市时，我会格外留意这些差异。
It has made me more receptive to that and made me appreciate it more, I think. 我认为，这让我更愿意接纳这些差异，也更加懂得欣赏它们。
So it's something that has allowed me to accept differences more easily and something that has allowed me to celebrate cross-cultural friendship more easily. 所以，这段经历让我能够更轻松地接受差异，也让我更懂得欣赏和弘扬跨文化友谊。⭐️【celebrate differences = 欣赏并肯定差异】【cross-cultural friendship = 跨文化友谊】
And so those are both things that I continue to try to promote. 因此，这两件事都是我一直努力倡导的。⭐️【promote = 倡导；推动】
What does empowering women mean to you? 对你而言，赋能女性意味着什么？⭐️【empower women = 赋能女性；增强女性自主力量】
I grew up in an all-girls K-8 school, and I loved my experience there so much. 我在一所从幼儿园到八年级的女子学校长大，非常喜欢自己在那里度过的时光。⭐️【all-girls school = 女子学校】【K-8 school = 从幼儿园到八年级的学校】
When I started freeskiing, I was the only girl on my team. 当我开始练习自由式滑雪时，我是队里唯一的女孩。
And it was such an incredibly harsh culture shock and dichotomy when from Monday through Friday, I would be with all girls. 这给我带来了极其强烈的文化冲击和反差，因为从周一到周五，我身边全是女生。⭐️【culture shock = 文化冲击】【dichotomy = 截然不同的两种状态；二分对立】
And on Saturday and Sunday, when I went skiing, I would be the only girl. 可到了周六和周日去滑雪时，我又会成为唯一的女孩。
And so in that sense, I became hyper-aware of my gender and my expression because I felt like in the beginning, all of a sudden everybody around me was male, and when I looked at the great idols of skiing, all of them were male too, and so kind of feeling, should I be ashamed of my femininity, should I try to be more like the boys? 因此，从这个角度来说，我开始格外在意自己的性别和表达方式，因为最初我突然发现周围所有人都是男性，而我所仰望的滑雪偶像也全是男性，于是我会想：我是否应该为自己的女性气质感到羞耻？我是不是应该表现得更像男孩？⭐️【in that sense = 从这个意义／角度来说（话语功能：限定解释）】【hyper-aware of = 对……过度敏感／格外在意】【femininity = 女性气质】
Should I dress like them? 我应该像他们一样穿衣服吗？
Should I talk like them? 我应该像他们一样说话吗？
And would that make me more accepted? 那会让我更容易被接纳吗？
Would that make me better at skiing? 那会让我更擅长滑雪吗？
You know, these kind of questions went through my mind at a very young age, and I'm really grateful that I had that super strong and empowering educational environment during the weekdays because I think that it could have been pretty detrimental to my kind of esteem as a female if I hadn't had that foundational support, but I did. 这些问题在我很小的时候就曾萦绕在脑海中。我非常庆幸自己在上学期间拥有一个强大而且能够给予女孩力量的教育环境，因为如果没有这种基础性的支持，那样的经历很可能会严重损害我作为女性的自尊；幸运的是，我得到了这种支持。⭐️【go through someone’s mind = 掠过／萦绕在某人脑海中】【empowering environment = 给予人力量的环境】【be detrimental to = 对……有害】【foundational support = 基础性的支持】
And so instead of kind of crushing it down, I learned to celebrate differences and to kind of communicate and make friends and use skiing as a way to create bonds and to create friendship. 所以，我没有压抑自己的女性气质，而是学会了欣赏差异、与人沟通和交朋友，并把滑雪当作建立联系和友谊的方式。⭐️【crush something down = 压抑某事物】【create bonds = 建立情感联系】
And so that was a big learning opportunity for me, and it was also a way for me to kind of embrace being a woman and to embrace the innate power that we have as individuals. 因此，那对我来说是一次重要的学习机会，也让我学会接纳自己的女性身份，并拥抱我们每个人与生俱来的力量。⭐️【embrace being a woman = 欣然接纳自己的女性身份】【innate power = 与生俱来的力量】
And so it has always been really important to me. 所以，这件事对我而言始终非常重要。
In seventh grade, I gave my first speech on women in sports. 七年级时，我第一次发表了关于体育界女性的演讲。
It later got used as a voiceover for an international brand for their International Women's Day commercial. 后来，一家国际品牌把这段演讲用作其国际妇女节广告的画外音。⭐️【voiceover = 画外音；旁白】
And since then, you know, in high school, I've led workshops for women in sports. 从那以后，我在高中期间主持过面向体育界女性的工作坊。⭐️【lead a workshop = 主持／带领工作坊】
I've led discussions and workshops about female athletes and their portrayal in the media and how that affects people's perception of female athletes. 我还主持过讨论会和工作坊，探讨女性运动员在媒体中的呈现方式，以及这会如何影响人们对她们的看法。⭐️【portrayal in the media = 在媒体中的呈现】【perception of = 对……的看法／认知】
I think that these are all really important questions that now more than ever, we should be asking ourselves and questions about inclusion and diversity should always be involved in that conversation as well. 我认为，这些都是我们如今比以往任何时候都更应该认真思考的重要问题，而包容性和多样性也始终应该被纳入这场讨论。⭐️【now more than ever = 如今比以往任何时候都更……】【inclusion and diversity = 包容性与多样性】【be involved in the conversation = 被纳入讨论】
We know that social media is really influencing and forming the opinions of many people. 我们知道，社交媒体正在深刻影响并塑造许多人的观点。⭐️【form opinions = 塑造观点】
Where do you see the benefit of social media? 你认为社交媒体的益处体现在哪里？
Social media is a double-edged sword, right? 社交媒体是一把双刃剑，对吧？⭐️【a double-edged sword = 一把双刃剑】
Because I think that especially in my generation, everybody has social media. 因为我觉得，尤其是在我这一代，人人都使用社交媒体。
Everybody uses it as their primary source of information. 每个人都把它当作主要的信息来源。⭐️【primary source of information = 主要信息来源】
It's the way that you consciously or subconsciously view what is trendy or what is cool, or how to live your life or kind of what goals to set. 它会有意或无意地影响你对什么是潮流、什么很酷、应该怎样生活以及应该设定什么目标的看法。⭐️【consciously or subconsciously = 有意或无意地】【what goals to set = 设定什么目标】
And so that last piece, I think, can be extremely beautiful and extremely inspiring, or it can be extremely detrimental, depending on which side you end up on. 所以，我认为最后这一点既可能非常美好、极具鼓舞作用，也可能极其有害，这取决于你最终受到的是哪一面的影响。⭐️【that last piece = 刚才提到的最后一点】【depending on = 取决于（话语功能：条件）】【end up on = 最终落在／处于】
And so in terms of the extremely beautiful side, it shows you what's possible, right? 从非常美好的这一面来看，它能够让你看到人生具有哪些可能性。
Like through skiing, a lot of—so many people had never heard of skiing before, and maybe they are scrolling on their discover page or whatever. 比如说滑雪，很多人以前从未听说过这项运动，但他们可能正随手浏览社交平台的“发现”页面之类的内容。⭐️【scroll on = 滑动浏览】【discover page = “发现”页面】
And then they see a video of me skiing and be like, wow, this looks great. 然后，他们看到一段我滑雪的视频，心想：“哇，这看起来真棒。”
This looks fun. 这看起来很好玩。
This looks cool. 这看起来很酷。
I want to try this—boom. 我想试一试——砰，改变就这样发生了。
Maybe that changed their life. 也许这件事就改变了他们的人生。
It would have changed mine, for sure. 如果是我，那肯定会改变我的人生。⭐️【for sure = 肯定；毫无疑问】
And so I think that there's that side or they see someone doing something who they didn't think was possible and suddenly they feel inspired and they think, if she can do it, maybe I can try it too. 所以，我认为社交媒体确实有这样积极的一面：人们看到某个人完成了自己原以为不可能做到的事情，突然受到鼓舞，并想到：“如果她能做到，也许我也可以试一试。”
Or maybe I can enjoy that too. 或者，也许我也能从中获得快乐。
She looks like she's having fun. 她看起来玩得很开心。
Why don't I give it a shot? 我为什么不试试看呢？⭐️【give it a shot = 试一试】
Right? 对吧？
That's the best thing. 这才是最棒的事情。
Life is all about joy. 人生最重要的就是快乐。⭐️【be all about = 最重要的是；核心在于】
So they can find all these different ways to find joy through social media. 所以，人们可以通过社交媒体找到各种各样获得快乐的方式。
It expands your perspective, and it shows you what's possible. 它能够拓宽你的视野，让你看到人生的各种可能性。⭐️【expand your perspective = 拓宽视野】
On the other hand, there's the toxic, hurtful beauty standards that can impact young women and men everywhere by seeing unrealistic beauty expectations or kind of lifestyles and unrealistic portrayals of joy that make them think maybe if I looked a certain way or had a different amount of money or lived in a different place, or had a different job, or were born into a different setting, then maybe I would be happy. 另一方面，社交媒体上也存在有害且伤人的审美标准。世界各地的年轻男女看到不切实际的外貌标准、生活方式以及经过美化的幸福图景后，可能会认为：“也许只要我拥有某种外貌、更多或更少的钱、住在另一个地方、从事另一份工作，或者出生在不同的环境中，我就会幸福。”⭐️【on the other hand = 另一方面（话语功能：对比）】【toxic beauty standards = 有害的审美标准】【unrealistic portrayals of joy = 对幸福不切实际的呈现】【be born into = 出生于某种家庭／环境】
But I think what social media can really obscure are the beautiful imperfections of reality. 但我认为，社交媒体真正可能遮蔽的，恰恰是现实中那些美丽的不完美。⭐️【obscure = 遮蔽；使……变得不明显】【the beautiful imperfections of reality = 现实中美丽的不完美】
So it's a double-edged sword. 所以，它是一把双刃剑。
And so in that sense, I always try to make my social media as authentic as possible. 因此，从这个角度来说，我始终努力让自己的社交媒体尽可能真实。⭐️【as authentic as possible = 尽可能真实】
Every few months I'll do like a question-and-answer thing to kind of show the more real sides of myself, because on one hand, I'm not going to post: “Hey guys, I had a bad day. Period.” 每隔几个月，我会做一次类似问答的活动，展示自己更加真实的一面；因为一方面，我不会专门发布一条内容说：“大家好，我今天过得很糟。就这样。”⭐️【question-and-answer = 问答活动】【the more real sides of myself = 自己更加真实的一面】【period = 到此为止；就这样（用于加强语气）】
And that's it, or like: “Today I fell and it hurt, and I didn't feel too great.” 然后就没了；或者发一条：“我今天摔倒了，很疼，而且感觉不太好。”
Like, I'm probably not going to post that, but I do want to kind of show that occasionally. 我大概不会专门发布这种内容，但确实想偶尔让大家看到这一面。
And so I do want to make an effort to converse with people and really say, you know, I'm not perfect all the time. 所以，我确实希望主动和大家交流，真诚地告诉他们：“我并不是时时刻刻都很完美。”⭐️【make an effort to = 努力／有意识地做】【converse with = 与……交谈】
And that's what makes everything fun, because if you were perfect all the time, then you would adapt to that and that would be your normal. 而正是这种不完美让一切变得有趣，因为如果你永远都很完美，你最终就会适应这种状态，而它也会变成你的常态。⭐️【adapt to = 适应】
And then you wouldn't feel perfect anymore. 到那时，你也不会再觉得自己很完美。
And so in that sense, you got to have both sides and social media is a great way to spread information about both. 所以，从这个意义上说，生活必须同时拥有这两个方面，而社交媒体是展示这两面的绝佳渠道。
I couldn't agree more, but there is this other part, you know, when you are criticized, how do you work on this? 我完全赞同，但还有另外一个问题：当你受到批评时，你会怎样处理？⭐️【couldn’t agree more = 完全赞同】
How do you act on this? 你会如何应对？⭐️【act on = 根据……采取行动；处理】
You know, when you have critical feedback? 也就是当你收到批评性反馈的时候？
When I first started getting hate, I used to search for it. 当我最初开始遭受网络攻击时，我甚至会主动搜索那些负面言论。⭐️【get hate = 遭受恶意攻击／收到仇恨言论】【search for = 主动寻找】
I think that it's so much easier to hold on to negativity than positivity. 我认为，与积极信息相比，人更容易紧抓着消极信息不放。⭐️【hold on to negativity = 紧抓着负面信息不放】
And I really love psychology. 而且我非常喜欢心理学。
So I've read a lot of stuff about this and how kind of as animals the animal brain goes like: “Oh my god, there's danger.” 所以，我读过许多与此相关的内容，比如作为动物，我们的动物性大脑会发出警报：“天哪，有危险。”
It's more beneficial to remember where the danger is because you want to avoid being hunted. 记住危险在哪里对生存更有利，因为你需要避免自己成为猎物。⭐️【avoid being hunted = 避免遭到捕猎】
If you can remember where the super sweet-tasting berries were hidden in the forest, that's great. 如果你能记住森林里那些特别甜的浆果藏在哪里，那当然很好。
Bonus points, but like you'd rather remember where the predator's cave is, and so it's a lot easier to remember the negative parts. 这算是额外收获，但相比之下，你会更愿意记住捕食者的洞穴在哪里；所以，人确实更容易记住负面的部分。⭐️【bonus points = 额外的好处／加分项】【you’d rather = 你宁愿】【predator = 捕食者】
And that really is embedded into you because you could have 1,000 really positive messages and maybe ten negative comments. 这种倾向确实深植于我们的本能之中，因为你可能会收到一千条非常积极的信息，同时只有十条负面评论。⭐️【be embedded into = 深植于；嵌入】
But you will remember the ten negative comments and you will hold on to them and ingrain them into yourself and repeat them to yourself. 但你偏偏会记住那十条负面评论，紧抓着它们不放，把它们刻进心里，并一遍遍地对自己重复。⭐️【ingrain something into yourself = 把某种观念深深植入心中】
And so it's really easy to get into that cycle when I first started getting hate. 所以，我刚开始遭受网络攻击时，很容易陷入这样的循环。⭐️【get into a cycle = 陷入一种循环】
I definitely was looped into that cycle. 我确实曾被困在这种循环之中。⭐️【be looped into a cycle = 被卷入／困在循环之中】
But, you know, now I really think that I don't really pay too much mind because at the end of the day, it's my life—like I'm in control of my life. 但现在，我觉得自己已经不会太在意了，因为归根结底，这是我的人生，我掌控着自己的人生。⭐️【pay something much mind = 过多在意某事】【at the end of the day = 归根结底（话语功能：总结核心观点）】【be in control of = 掌控】
If you don't like what I'm doing, you don't have my life—like, Oh, you don't like my new trick, then don't do it—like great. 如果你不喜欢我正在做的事，但过这种生活的人又不是你。比如，你不喜欢我的新动作，那你就别做——没问题。
You know, that's good for you. 这对你来说也挺好。
Everybody's entitled to their opinion, but I'm entitled to not listen as well. 每个人都有权表达自己的观点，而我也同样有权选择不听。⭐️【be entitled to = 有权享有／做……】
And so it's kind of the sense of I can do my thing and you can like it or you don't have to. 所以，我的态度大概就是：我做自己的事，你可以喜欢，也可以不喜欢。⭐️【do my thing = 做我自己的事；按自己的方式行事】【you don’t have to = 你不必如此】
My goal is to spread positivity. 我的目标是传播积极的能量。⭐️【spread positivity = 传播积极能量】
If your goal is to spread negativity, do that. 如果你的目标是传播负面情绪，那你就去做吧。
It's your prerogative, but I'm not going to have any part in it. 那是你的自主选择，但我不会参与其中。⭐️【prerogative = 自主决定权；特权】【not have any part in = 不参与；不与……有任何关系】
So that's kind of my philosophy now. 所以，这大概就是我现在的人生观。
And now we talk a bit about the shared values. 接下来，我们谈一谈双方共有的价值观。⭐️【shared values = 共同的价值观】
We just welcomed you as a member of the IWC family, which values do you think that we share that you share with our brand? 我们刚刚欢迎你成为IWC大家庭的一员，你认为自己与我们的品牌拥有哪些共同的价值观？
There are several values that I share with IWC, one of them is truly being a world citizen. 我和IWC拥有几项共同的价值观，其中之一就是真正成为一名世界公民。⭐️【world citizen = 世界公民】
Like we mentioned before, it's, you know, IWC is literally International Watch Company. 正如我们之前提到的，IWC的全称就是“International Watch Company”，即国际制表公司。
So it's, you know, it's international. 所以，它本身就具有国际性。
It's got different people from all over the world. 这里汇聚了来自世界各地的人。
I think it was 55 countries you have employees from. 我记得，你们的员工来自55个国家。
And so there are so many different perspectives and cultures and ideas that are going into the design, the creation and the production of all of these gorgeous watches. 因此，这些精美腕表的设计、创作与生产过程，融合了众多不同的视角、文化和理念。⭐️【go into = 被投入／融入】【gorgeous = 精美的；华丽的】
And so there is that aspect, which I really love. 所以，我非常喜欢它的这一方面。
Another is sustainability, which is really important to me, especially as a winter sports athlete, right? 另一个共同的价值观是可持续发展，这对我而言非常重要，尤其是作为一名冬季运动员。⭐️【sustainability = 可持续发展】
With global warming, our sport is the first one to see the changes and our sport is the first one to go. 随着全球变暖，我们这项运动最先感受到变化，也最有可能率先消失。⭐️【be the first one to go = 最先消失／被淘汰】
Even now, over the years, we can really notice it. 即使是现在，我们也能清楚地感受到这些年来发生的变化。
Maybe over the summer or in the fall. 比如在夏季或秋季。
We used to go to a few locations and we'd be able to ski for months, and now we can only ski shorter and shorter every year. 过去，我们去某些地方能够连续滑几个月，但现在每年的可滑雪时间都在不断缩短。⭐️【used to = 过去常常】【shorter and shorter = 越来越短】
Suddenly, it was over 100 degrees Fahrenheit at a glacier when everybody was supposed to be skiing, and instead people couldn't even leave their houses because there was a heat wave. 某座冰川的气温突然超过了华氏100度；原本大家应该在那里滑雪，结果却因为热浪连家门都出不了。⭐️【be supposed to = 本应】【heat wave = 热浪】
And so things like that are really impacting the sport. 所以，诸如此类的情况正在切实影响这项运动。
So being able to hear about IWC’s initiative. 因此，能够了解到IWC采取的环保举措，也让我很高兴。⭐️【initiative = 倡议；新举措】
I was just chatting to someone about it, about there was like a 95% compacted paper watchband that IWC is working on. 我刚刚还在和别人聊这件事：IWC正在研发一种由约95%的压制纸材制成的表带。⭐️【compacted paper = 压制纸材】【work on = 研发；推进】
And so it looks chic. 而且它看起来非常时髦。⭐️【chic = 时髦雅致的】
You look at it and it's gorgeous and the design is spectacular, but also you know that it is sustainably made and that it is something that is made to be carried through generations and that itself is really environmentally friendly. 你看到它时，会觉得它十分精美、设计格外出色；与此同时，你也知道它以可持续的方式制造，能够代代相传，而这一点本身就非常环保。⭐️【sustainably made = 以可持续方式制造】【be carried through generations = 代代传承】【environmentally friendly = 环保的】
It's very beautiful what you say about the way we work and the sustainability topic as well as you just mentioned it, I mean, our watches are built to last for generations. 你对我们的工作方式以及可持续发展理念所作的描述非常美好。正如你刚才提到的，我们的腕表被打造为可以代代相传的产品。⭐️【be built to last = 经久耐用】【for generations = 延续数代】
So everything that goes into the watch on the entire way, from the sketchbook to the wrist needs to be most responsibly done. 因此，从设计草图到最终佩戴上手，腕表整个生产过程中的每一个环节，都必须以最负责任的方式完成。⭐️【from the sketchbook to the wrist = 从设计草图到佩戴上手】【responsibly done = 以负责任的方式完成】
And talking about your generation now and talking about your thoughts, what would you and your generation like to change for a better future for us and our planet? 说到你这一代人以及你们的想法，为了给人类和地球创造更美好的未来，你和同龄人希望改变些什么？
Someone once told me that we don't need one person to do everything perfectly for the planet. 曾经有人告诉我，为了保护地球，我们不需要某一个人把所有事情都做到完美。
We need everybody to do everything imperfectly, but at least try, right? 我们需要的是每个人即使做得不完美，也至少愿意尝试，对吧？
We don't need one person to hit 100%. 我们不需要某一个人做到百分之百。
We need everybody to hit 70%, and that is how impact is made. 我们需要所有人都做到百分之七十，而改变正是这样产生的。⭐️【make an impact = 产生影响】
So maybe, you know, one day I drink from one plastic bottle and I feel not the best because I should have brought my own bottle. 所以，也许某一天我用了一只塑料瓶喝水，心里感觉不太好，因为我原本应该带自己的水瓶。
But you know, it's not that one bottle that is destroying the planet. 但真正毁掉地球的并不是那一个塑料瓶。
It's kind of everybody combined ignoring that kind of aspect. 问题在于所有人加在一起，都忽视了这方面的责任。⭐️【everybody combined = 所有人共同累积起来】【ignore an aspect = 忽视某个方面】
If everybody cared more, you know, then the difference would be made in that sense. 如果每个人都多在意一些，从这个意义上说，改变自然就会发生。⭐️【make a difference = 带来改变】
So it comes differently for different kinds of people, depending on people's lifestyles, you know, choosing different modes of transportation if possible, or eating a little bit differently, if possible, or avoiding fast fashion or buying sustainably made products. 因此，每个人采取的方式都会因其生活方式而异：条件允许的话，可以选择不同的交通方式，稍微改变饮食，避免购买快时尚产品，或者选择以可持续方式制造的商品。⭐️【depending on people’s lifestyles = 取决于人们的生活方式（话语功能：条件）】【modes of transportation = 交通方式】【fast fashion = 快时尚】【sustainably made products = 以可持续方式制造的产品】
And it looks different for different kinds of people, and that is what's important about it, right? 对不同的人来说，环保会呈现出不同的实践方式，而这恰恰是其中的重要之处。
It's different approaches. 大家采用的是不同的方法。⭐️【approach = 处理方式；路径】
So that's kind of my perspective, especially for young people, because it's our planet to be inherited ultimately. 所以，这大概就是我的看法，尤其是对年轻人而言，因为归根结底，我们将继承这个地球。⭐️【ultimately = 最终；归根结底（话语功能：总结）】【inherit the planet = 继承这个地球】
And as planet change is exponentially growing, then the impact is very urgent. 随着地球环境的变化呈指数式加剧，采取行动已经变得极为紧迫。⭐️【exponentially = 以指数级速度】【urgent = 紧迫的】
It's very urgent for us to make change in our generation, before things get out of hand, even more. 我们这一代迫切需要在事态进一步失控之前作出改变。⭐️【get out of hand = 失去控制】
I mean, we have a lot of possibilities to choose from, right? 我的意思是，我们其实有许多可以选择的做法，对吧？⭐️【choose from = 从……中选择】
We can choose as you just described it, and these are the little things as well, which matter a lot and to think before we act. 正如你刚才所说，我们可以主动做出选择；这些看似微小的事情也非常重要，我们需要三思而后行。⭐️【matter a lot = 非常重要】【think before we act = 三思而后行】
And there is another topic which I would have never guessed. 还有一个话题是我完全没有料到的。⭐️【would have never guessed = 完全没有想到】
You know that you are a big fan of the Blue Angels of the US Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron. 我们知道，你非常喜欢美国海军飞行表演中队“蓝天使”。⭐️【flight demonstration squadron = 飞行表演中队】
How come? 这是为什么呢？⭐️【How come? = 为什么？怎么会？】
Yes, I mean, growing up in San Francisco, the Blue Angels would perform every year. 是的，我在旧金山长大，“蓝天使”每年都会进行飞行表演。
And I remember when I was probably in second grade they came to our school to talk to us. 我记得，大概在我读二年级时，他们曾来到学校和我们交流。
And I remember I came home so excited. 我还记得，自己当时兴奋地回到家。
I was telling my mom about the different formations they flew in and the number of people they had and the people who I had met. 我向妈妈讲述他们采用的不同飞行编队、团队人数，以及我见到了哪些人。⭐️【fly in formation = 编队飞行】
So the next year, I was pointing them out to my mom and my grandma, and I was telling them all about it. 所以到了第二年，我会把空中的飞机指给妈妈和外婆看，并向她们详细介绍。⭐️【point something out to someone = 把某物指给某人看】【tell someone all about something = 向某人详细讲述某事】
And it was really exciting for me. 这让我感到非常兴奋。
And now, you know, we watch them every year from our balcony because we see them where I live, we’re like right under where they are. 现在，我们每年都会在自家阳台上观看飞行表演，因为从我住的地方就能看到他们，我们几乎就在他们飞行区域的正下方。
So it's really a spectacular sight to see. 所以，那真是一幅极其壮观的景象。⭐️【a spectacular sight = 壮观的景象】
And also, you know, I'm a little bit biased because I am an adrenaline addict. 当然，我可能也有一点偏爱，因为我是个不折不扣的肾上腺素爱好者。⭐️【be biased = 有所偏爱／带有偏见】【adrenaline addict = 热衷刺激的人；肾上腺素爱好者】
So given the nature of my sport and also the nature of flying upside down in a plane, like it definitely goes together, maybe at some point, you know, it would be a dream to go in one of the planes myself. 鉴于我所从事的运动本身就充满刺激，而驾驶飞机倒飞也具有类似的性质，这两者显然十分契合；也许将来的某一天，我能亲自坐进其中一架飞机，那会是梦想成真。⭐️【given the nature of = 考虑到……的性质（话语功能：原因／前提）】【fly upside down = 倒飞】【go together = 相互契合】【at some point = 在将来的某个时候】
But it is spectacular to watch. 不过，哪怕只是观看也已经十分壮观。
And therefore it's always very interesting to talk about time in your discipline as a free skier. 因此，谈到你从事的自由式滑雪项目，探讨“时间”这个概念总是很有意思。
Time might not be the most important element as you just described it, but what does time mean to you? 正如你刚才所说，时间或许不是这项运动中最重要的元素，但时间对你而言意味着什么？
I actually have always been really fascinated by time—that was actually one of the first entries in my journal, and I write about it quite frequently. 事实上，我一直对时间深感着迷。它正是我日记中最早记录的主题之一，而且我经常写到它。⭐️【be fascinated by = 对……深感着迷】【journal entry = 日记中的一篇记录】【quite frequently = 相当频繁地】
And I think that ever since I was little, I've always been very aware of the passage of time, which I know is an odd topic for an eight- or nine-year-old to be talking about, but I would often bring it up with my mother. 我觉得，从小开始，我就一直对时间的流逝非常敏感。我知道，对于一个八九岁的孩子来说，这是个很奇怪的话题，但我过去经常向妈妈提起它。⭐️【the passage of time = 时间的流逝】【bring something up with someone = 向某人提起某事】
And she was like: “Are you OK?” or something like: “Why is this what you're thinking about? Why are you not thinking about like toys or something? Like, why are you talking to me about like inevitable passage of time—you are a child?” 她会说：“你还好吗？”或者说：“你为什么在想这种事情？你为什么不想想玩具之类的？你为什么要和我讨论不可避免的时间流逝？你还是个孩子啊！”⭐️【the inevitable passage of time = 不可避免的时间流逝】
But I always thought it was so fascinating, right? 但我一直觉得时间非常迷人，对吧？
Because it's the one constant. 因为它是唯一不变的存在。⭐️【the one constant = 唯一不变的事物】
It should be the one constant. 它理应是唯一恒定不变的东西。
And yet it doesn't feel like that because, you know, when you're little, one year feels like so much. 然而，我们的感受却并非如此，因为人在年幼时，一年的时间似乎格外漫长。⭐️【and yet = 然而（话语功能：反预期／转折）】
And right now, especially as I'm growing older and I'm going through my teenage years, I'm growing into myself and becoming more self-aware during my adolescence. 而现在，尤其是随着年龄增长和进入青少年时期，我逐渐找到自我，也在青春期变得更加具有自我意识。⭐️【grow into yourself = 逐渐找到并成为真正的自己】【self-aware = 有自我意识的】【adolescence = 青春期】
I think that I'm hyper-aware of all the changes that are occurring in my own life and the relationship of time to those changes. 我觉得，自己对生活中正在发生的种种变化，以及时间与这些变化之间的关系，都格外敏感。⭐️【hyper-aware of = 对……格外敏感】【the relationship of A to B = A与B之间的关系】
So I think that it's really such a fascinating thing. 所以，我觉得时间确实是一件非常迷人的事物。
And you know, the whole “time flies when you're having fun” and growing up as a runner and also a skier. 还有那句“快乐的时光总是转瞬即逝”；而我从小既练跑步，也练滑雪。⭐️【time flies when you’re having fun = 快乐的时光总是过得飞快】
I used to think about this all the time because if I'm running for an hour, it feels like a pretty long time if I haven't been training. 我过去经常思考这件事，因为如果我有一阵子没有训练，那么跑步一小时会让我觉得十分漫长。
But when I start training again and I get in better shape. 但当我重新开始训练、身体状态逐渐改善时，感受就不一样了。⭐️【get in better shape = 身体状态变得更好】
Suddenly, I feel like, whoa, like it's a breeze—an hour. 突然之间，我会觉得：“哇，一个小时简直轻轻松松。”⭐️【be a breeze = 轻而易举；毫不费力】
It feels so nice. 那种感觉特别好。
And then when I'm skiing, it feels like a blink of an eye. 而在滑雪时，一小时仿佛眨眼间就过去了。⭐️【in the blink of an eye = 转瞬之间】
Like, I don't even know. 我甚至都意识不到时间过去了。
I do like a few tricks. 我可能只做了几个动作。
I'm talking to my friends and suddenly an hour is gone. 再和朋友们聊聊天，突然间一个小时就过去了。
And so really, being able to keep an eye on it, I think, is something that I am very fascinated in, and that's why it's really exciting to be partnering with IWC. 所以，我确实非常着迷于观察时间的流逝；也正因为如此，能够与IWC合作令我十分兴奋。⭐️【keep an eye on = 留意；密切关注】【partner with = 与……合作】