I'm excited to invite you into a very, very special place. 我很高兴邀请你来到一个非常、非常特别的地方。⭐ invite sb into... = 邀请某人进入……
This is Hatchards in London's Piccadilly. 这里是位于伦敦皮卡迪利的 Hatchards 书店。
It's one of the oldest book shops in our capital, built in 1797. 它是我们首都历史最悠久的书店之一，建于1797年。⭐ one of the oldest... = 最……之一
As part of the Dior Book Tote Club, I'd like to welcome you inside. 作为 Dior Book Tote Club 的一部分，我想欢迎大家一起走进这里。⭐ as part of... = 作为……的一部分
You come into a bookshop and you just see everybody's interest, you just follow people's minds. 走进一家书店，你就能看到每个人的兴趣所在，也仿佛能一路追随他们的思维。⭐ follow someone's mind = 跟随某人的思路；窥见某人的思想
All the little whims that go off in all of our brains, followed to the ultimate degree by these authors, and it blows my mind really. 我们脑海里所有那些一闪而过的小念头，都被这些作家追寻并发展到了极致，这真的让我惊叹不已。⭐ whim = 一时兴起的念头；奇思妙想（C1）｜to the ultimate degree = 到了极致｜blow sb's mind = 让某人震撼；令人大开眼界（C1）
This is Jack Kerouac's "On the Road." 这是 Jack Kerouac 的《On the Road（在路上）》。
I was on a road trip with my father and we went to the west coast of Scotland which is remote and wild and the house that we were staying in had a very interesting collection, small collection, of books. 我曾和父亲一起自驾旅行，去了苏格兰西海岸。那里偏远而原始，我们住的那栋房子里有一小批非常有意思的藏书。⭐ be on a road trip = 在进行自驾旅行｜remote and wild = 偏远而原始的｜a collection of books = 一批藏书
And one of them was this one. 其中一本就是这本。
It's travel, it's sex, it's drugs, and maybe it was way too adult for a 14 year old in fact it definitely was. 这里面有旅行、性、毒品，也许它对于一个14岁的孩子来说太成人化了——事实上，确实如此。⭐ way too... = 太……了（口语强调）｜adult = 成人化的；成熟题材的（非常见义）
So, am I ready to see if this book still stirs me like it did when I was 14? 那么，我准备好看看这本书是否还能像我14岁时那样打动我了吗？⭐ stir sb = 打动；激起情感（C1）
I think I am. 我觉得我准备好了。
I'm going to re-read it. 我要重新读一遍它。⭐ re-read = 重读
Here's my second book. 这是我的第二本书。
I wanted to talk about "Slouching Towards Bethlehem", which is a collection of essays by Joan Didion, who is one of the most concise, pertinent observers of people. 我想谈谈《Slouching Towards Bethlehem》，这是 Joan Didion 的一本随笔集。她是我认为最简洁、最敏锐的人性观察者之一。 ⭐ a collection of essays = 一本随笔集｜concise = 简洁的（C1）｜pertinent = 一针见血的；切中要害的（C1）｜observer of people = 对人性的观察者
One of the essays in this collection that I love is her essay on self-respect. 这本书里我最喜欢的一篇文章，是她关于自尊的那篇。⭐ essay on... = 关于……的文章
She says: "Although to be driven back upon oneself is an uneasy affair at best, rather like trying to cross a border with borrowed credentials." 她写道："尽管被迫回归自我，本身已经是一件令人不安的事情，就像拿着借来的证件试图越境一样。"⭐ be driven back upon oneself = 被迫回归自我；不得不面对自己（C2）｜at best = 充其量；往好了说｜borrowed credentials = 借来的身份证明；借来的身份（C2）
Nice. 真精彩。
"It seems to me now the one condition necessary to the beginnings of real self-respect."&nbsp; "如今在我看来，真正拥有自尊的起点，只有一个必要条件。" ⭐ it seems to me... = 在我看来……｜the beginnings of... = ……的开端
Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. "尽管我们有那么多陈词滥调，自我欺骗仍然是最难识破的一种欺骗。"⭐ platitude = 陈词滥调；老生常谈（C1）｜notwithstanding = 尽管；虽然（C1）｜self-deception = 自我欺骗（C1）
The tricks that work on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps one's assignations with oneself. "那些对别人有效的伎俩，在那个灯火通明、一个人与自己秘密相会的小巷里毫无用处。"⭐ count for nothing = 毫无价值；不起作用（C1）｜back alley = 小巷；僻静的小路（这里为比喻）（C1）｜assignation = 秘密会面；幽会（这里比喻与自己内心相处）（C2）
It's always worth spending time with Joan Didion. 花时间读 Joan Didion 的作品永远都是值得的。⭐ be worth doing = 值得做……
She was curious, and I think curiosity is where freedom lies and interest lies. 她充满好奇心，而我认为，自由与兴趣都源于好奇心。⭐ curiosity = 好奇心（B2）｜where freedom lies = 自由所在；自由的根源（C1）
The third book that I'm going to put in my Book Tote: "A Little Life" by Hanya Yanagihara. 我要放进我的 Book Tote 的第三本书是 Hanya Yanagihara 的《A Little Life》。 ⭐ put sth in... = 把某物放进……
This is truly one of the most brilliant, devastating, magnificent novels I have ever read. 这是我读过的最精彩、最震撼、最宏伟的小说之一。⭐ devastating = 极具冲击力的；令人痛彻心扉的（C1）｜magnificent = 宏伟的；极其出色的（C1）
It's a book that will make you cry. 这是一本会让你流泪的书。⭐ make sb do sth = 使某人……
I don't know how she wrote this book. 我不知道她是怎么写出这本书的。
It's one of those books where you think "How did this come out of you? 这是那种会让你忍不住想："这一切到底是怎么从你身上诞生出来的？"的作品。⭐ come out of sb = 出自某人；从某人内心产生（C1）
How have you made these people we care about so blisteringly? 你到底是怎样把这些人物塑造得如此鲜活、如此令人牵挂的？⭐ blisteringly = 极其；异常地（C2）
How have you done this?" "你到底是怎么做到的？"
It's a book I didn't want to leave behind. 这是一本我舍不得放下的书。⭐ leave behind = 留下；舍弃（这里指放下不读）（C1）
I'm going to slip it into my bag. 我要把它放进我的包里。⭐ slip sth into... = 悄悄放进；顺手放进（C1）
Oh, we're coming to the children's section. 哦，我们来到儿童读物区了。⭐ children's section = 儿童书区
Oh, we didn't even talk about children's books. 哦，我们甚至还没有聊到儿童读物。⭐ not even... = 甚至没有……
But there are so many here that I would put in my tote. 不过这里有太多书我都会放进我的 Book Tote。
"The Apple is Everything" — that's a book for me.&nbsp; 《The Apple is Everything》——这本书就是为我准备的。 ⭐ be for sb = 适合某人；就是某人喜欢的
One of my favorite things in life are apples. 苹果是我人生中最喜欢的东西之一。
I love all their complex shapes and tastes. 我喜欢它们丰富多样的形状和味道。⭐ complex = 丰富复杂的；层次丰富的（B2）
Well, I've just learnt something that, erm, in French "Tomber dans les pommes" is to faint, which is a very nice expression. 我刚刚学到一个表达，在法语里 Tomber dans les pommes 的意思是"晕倒"，这是一个很有意思的表达。⭐ faint = 晕倒（B2）｜expression = 固定表达；习语
I need this book in my life, I'm afraid. 恐怕这本书我是非买不可了。⭐ need sth in one's life = 人生中需要某样东西（地道口语）｜I'm afraid = 恐怕（委婉表达）
Whenever I'm missing England, I read Thomas Hardy. 每当我想念英国的时候，我就会读 Thomas Hardy。⭐ miss somewhere = 想念某个地方
That is "The Mayor of Casterbridge". 这就是《The Mayor of Casterbridge》。
This is a terrible story about a man who sells his wife. 这是一个关于一个男人卖掉自己妻子的悲惨故事。
It's a moment of total irrational hubris. 这是一个完全出于非理性傲慢的时刻。⭐ hubris = 傲慢；狂妄自大（C2）｜irrational = 非理性的（C1）
I think I've never been interested in speed reading because I like the sound of the words. 我一直对速读不感兴趣，因为我喜欢文字本身的声音。⭐ speed reading = 速读
I don't want to just read for information, because I think part of the meaning is in how words work rhythmically. 我不想只是为了获取信息而阅读，因为我认为，意义的一部分就在于语言的节奏。⭐ read for information = 为获取信息而阅读｜rhythmically = 有节奏地（C1）
You know, the other really magical thing about the Dior Book Tote Club is that we are shooting in a bookshop after closing, which has a very special feel about it. 你知道，Dior Book Tote Club 另一件特别神奇的事情是，我们是在书店打烊之后拍摄的，这种氛围非常特别。⭐ shoot in... = 在……拍摄｜after closing = 打烊之后｜have a special feel about it = 有一种特别的氛围（C1）
Because there's nobody here. 因为这里一个人都没有。
I've only recently discovered how brilliant graphic novels are. 我最近才发现，原来漫画小说（Graphic Novels）竟然这么精彩。⭐ graphic novel = 图像小说；漫画小说｜discover how... = 发现……原来如此
It's about women in their 50s falling out of love with their husbands, going dancing, meeting men. 它讲的是五十多岁的女性，她们逐渐不再爱自己的丈夫，去跳舞、结识新的男人。⭐ fall out of love with sb = 不再爱上某人；爱情消退（C1）｜be in one's 50s = 五十多岁
It's about sex and work and frustrations, and it's just not what you would expect at all. 它讲的是性、工作以及人生中的种种挫折，而这一切都完全不是你原本会期待的内容。⭐ frustration = 挫折；沮丧（B2）｜not what you would expect = 出乎意料；并非你想象中的样子（C1）
Books move you, but it's already really wonderful when books make you laugh. 书能够打动人，但如果一本书还能让你发笑，那就更加美妙了。⭐ move sb = 打动某人；触动情感（C1）｜make sb laugh = 逗某人发笑
It would also be a good present for my mum, on Mother's Day. 它也会是一份很适合送给我妈妈的母亲节礼物。⭐ present for sb = 送给某人的礼物
A wonderful thing, of course, in a bookshop you can travel the world while sitting still. 当然，书店最美妙的一点就是：即使坐着不动，你也能周游世界。⭐ travel the world = 环游世界｜while doing sth = 在……的同时（B2）｜sit still = 静静地坐着（C1）
And I know that in here is an invitation to spending time in some interesting company. 我知道，这里的每一本书，都是一张邀请函，邀请我们与一些有趣的人共度时光。⭐ an invitation to... = 一张通往……的邀请函；引向……的机会（C1）｜interesting company = 有趣的陪伴；有趣的人（这里指书中的人物或作者）