Lionel Andres Messi
Hailed by football enthusiasts, analysts, and even fellow professionals as the greatest footballer to ever play the sport.
【Spanish】There are people who tell me, I saw Pelé play, I saw Maradona play, I can say that I saw Leo Messi play.
He doesn't have the ball. It's unbelievable the character, how he plays, how he works for the team. He's one of the gods of football.
He has achieved a groundbreaking six Ballon d'Or awards, six European Golden Shoes, and holds records for the most goals and assists in La Liga history.
【Spanish】It's an award for the group, more than individually, because there are a lot of goals and I just didn't get it.
Diagnosed with a medical condition at just 11 years old that could have derailed his career before it even started, Messi defied expectations and stunned the world with his extraordinary footballing talent.
Statistics and history go out the window, the way he's playing.
Experience the journey of one of football's most legendary figures, and delve into the story of Argentina's footballing icon.
【Spanish】I grew up, I learned a lot, and now I try to keep adding things to my football.
This is the mesmerizing tale of Lionel Messi.
【Spanish】I've always said that I don't play to be the best in history, or the best of the moment, or anything like that.
【Spanish】I play to try to do things right, first for the team, whether it's Barcelona or the Argentine national team, then for the people and, above all, for me.
Born on June 24, 1987, Lionel Andres Messi grew up in a city that breathes football, Rosario, the largest city in Santa Fe.
Messi was raised by his father, a steel factory manager and part-time football coach, and his mother, who worked in a magnet manufacturing workshop.
His family shared an immense passion for football, spending weekends watching matches and engaging in the sport whenever possible.
Well, Messi was born into a football family. His dad was a coach, and he was born in a football city.
Rosario in Argentina was one of the host cities for the World Cup in 1978, almost ten years before Messi was born.
This is a city that loves the game, and it's a family that loves the game, that is steeped in the game through his father.
And Lionel Messi, his first influence is through, of course, his father's love for football, but also his grandmother's willingness to take him anywhere that football takes him as he begins to make his way in the local football scene.
Messi quickly developed a passion for the sport as he was surrounded by it.
He constantly played with his older brothers, Rodrigo and Matias, and by the age of four was determined to join a local team.
His father, who is a coach, takes him to the local club, Grandoli, and looks after him there, and influences his first steps as a very young player, four years old when he goes to Grandoli.
But of course, Newell's old boys are the Rosario club, and the club that Messi has supported all his life.
And, you know, very quickly they become aware of any emerging talent on their doorstep, and little Lionel Messi is very much an emerging talent.
Messi moved clubs when he was six years old, joining the Newell's old boys, a local club located in Rosario.
Here he played for over six years, developed his skills even more, garnering more match experience, and surrounded himself with other future prospect players.
Whilst at Newell's, Messi was already showing off what type of player he was going to become in the six years at the club.
He went on to score almost 500 goals, and became a member of the Machine of 87, who were named that due to the fact that they were the near unbeatable youth side since their birth in 1987.
Audiences loved watching Messi play, as he was not only scoring regularly, he would also perform tricks at halftime.
【Spanish】It seemed like his career in football was going to blossom. But at the age of 11, Messi received some news that would put his professional football career at risk.
The problem for Lionel Messi is that it becomes apparent by the age of 11 that he's not really growing at all, and he's diagnosed with this growth hormone deficiency, which casts his whole future into doubt.
【Spanish】He was aware that he was young, and that he was at a disadvantage in sports.
【Spanish】When kids don't grow up, they're interested in being tall, because they want to be taller, because of their looks, because of the girls, because he wanted to play football.
【Spanish】He always said that he was going to grow up to play football, because he wanted to play.
【Spanish】And I told him, don't worry, you're going to be taller than Maradona. I don't know if you're going to be better, but you're going to be taller.
Messi underwent the treatment despite the fact that it cost his family almost $1,000 a month.
He continued to play for Newell's, putting in great performances every week. But things were about to change for the young Lionel Messi.
So Messi at this stage is still with Newell's, he's still trying to tackle this problem of will he grow enough to be a footballer. Some people say he's never going to amount to anything.
River Plate are interested in signing him as well. But the family looked beyond that. He has connections in Spain, in Catalonia, and he ends up at the age of 13 having a trial with Barcelona, and Barcelona immediately want to sign him.
The Messi family travelled to Barcelona after receiving the go-ahead for the trial.
Almost immediately during the trial, Barcelona's first team director, Carles Rexach, wanted to sign him as he saw an instant talent.
But unfortunately, due to his age and the fact he wasn't from Catalonia, the board of directors were hesitant to bring him in.
If you try and imagine the 13-year-olds at a trial with Barcelona, these are not the ordinary kids that you and I play with on the street. These are already the creme de la creme.
But when Lionel Messi walks into this trial, nobody at Barcelona is under any illusions at all. He is the cream of that already very, very exclusive club, and they have to have him.
A few months later, Barcelona were given the final chance to sign the Argentine prodigy, and on the 14th of December, Messi was offered his contract, which was written on a paper napkin.
Barcelona was his new home, and in February 2001, the Messi family relocated to an apartment in the city.
Despite being signed to one of the biggest clubs in Europe, Messi was finding it hard to integrate into the youth squad due to the Spanish footballing law.
He was unable to play any games apart from friendlies and Catalan league games. Because of this, his relationship with other teammates was almost non-existent, with some of them labeling him a meat.
On top of that, his mother moved back to Rosario with his brothers and little sister, leaving him with just his father, causing him to feel constantly homesick.
Eventually, in 2002, Messi was enrolled in the Royal Spanish Football Federation, meaning he was now eligible to play in all competitions.
He had also befriended some of his junior teammates. Those included Cesc Fabregas and Gerard Pique.
Now eligible to play in all competitions, Messi displayed his true talent to all the Barcelona staff, and that year Messi became part of the youth team known as the Baby Dream Team, Barcelona's greatest ever youth side.
During his first season in 2002-2003, Messi ended up the top scorer with 36 goals in just 30 games because of this phenomenal season for the Cadets.
Messi was getting recognized all over Europe in 2003. He received an offer from Arsenal to join the team. But despite the fantastic offer, Messi decided he wanted to stay loyal to Barcelona.
The 2003-2004 season became an iconic season for Lionel Messi. Within this season, he flew up the ranks, debuting for a record five teams in a single campaign.
During this season, he played for the Juveniles B, Juveniles A, Barcelona C, and Barcelona B teams.
Before he'd even got into Barcelona's first team, all the first-teamers were aware of him. There'd been this occasion where a lot of them were away on an international break, and so they needed players to come in and take part in first-team training, and Messi was one of those.
And Ludovic Juli, the Barcelona French international player who was part of this training session, tells this story about how this little kid was absolutely destroying people.
And grown men were being embarrassed by this little 15, 16-year-old kid on the training pitch, and Frank Rijkaard could not ignore him.
And very, very quickly, the Barcelona first-team was saying, this boy has to be involved.
And at that time, Ronaldinho was the man at Barcelona, and Ronaldinho saw Lionel Messi train, and he picked him out as being the next Ronaldinho, the next big thing for Barcelona, and was insisting, more or less, that Lionel Messi became part of the first-team scene at the club.
Although Messi didn't officially play for the team in this season, he did finish that campaign, having scored for four of his five teams with a total of 36 goals in all official competition.
Going into the 2004-2005 season, Messi finally made his debut for the Barcelona first-team, coming onto the field in the 82nd minute.
So when he was 17 and three months old, Lionel Messi became the youngest ever player to play in Barcelona's first team, coming on as a substitute against Espanyol, and his first goal followed soon after.
Also the youngest player ever to score a goal for Barcelona's first team against Alba Fete at the end of that season, which finished in 2005.
So now Lionel Messi, at the insistence of his teammates, is in the Barcelona side.
Messi clocked over 77 minutes in just nine matches for the Barcelona team during this season.
He was also a regular player for the B team, and a key one as well.
But by the end of the season, it was clear to both staff and fans that Messi was the next superstar in the making, and was going to become a key player in the 2005-2006 season and the 2005-2006 campaign.
Lionel Messi was a full-time first-team player. He had been fully promoted from the B team, and was training with the team on a daily basis.
Within the first few games, Messi was blowing away fans on both sides of the stadiums.
His skills were truly on show, and his abilities were becoming renowned everywhere he went.
While still a teenager, the world is taking note of Messi and recognizing that he is one of the greatest players already in the game at this very tender age.
What he has, I think, is this incredible low center of gravity, such acceleration, such tremendous pace, he can glide across the ground.
But he's also got an incredible physical strength, which despite his size, you wouldn't imagine that he could be as strong as he is.
But he is literally kicked from pillar to post game in, game out, and it doesn't seem to affect him.
He just gets back onto his feet and dribbles around people again, and it never seems to knock him.
Here's the youngest. Oh, look at that! Poetic for Messi.
And it's that kind of persistence and incredible strength to go with the pace and skill, which signals him out at this age as being something really, really special.
Messi was starring in some of the biggest games Barcelona played in this season.
He played four games against the biggest rivals, Real Madrid in La Liga, and Chelsea in the semi-final of the Champions League.
Together with players like Samuel Eto'o and Ronaldinho, Messi was easily becoming a key player for Barcelona and helped strengthen their attacking force.
But unfortunately, near the end of the season, Messi suffered from a hamstring injury, which would put him out of the first team completely,
meaning he would go on to miss the Champions League final against Arsenal in Paris.
Messi was devastated by this so much that he didn't even celebrate their win, something that he later came to regret.
After fully recovering going into the 2006-2007 season, Barcelona were gradually declining in La Liga and European tournaments.
But this didn't stop Messi's performance and actually helped him to develop more as a player.
And despite the poor Barcelona form, this was actually Messi's most groundbreaking season so far.
During this season, he went on to score 17 goals in just 36 games across all competitions.
He also got his first hat-trick for the club, scoring against their closest rivals, Real Madrid, in the Clásico match.
This hat-trick meant that Messi was the first person to score one in an El Clásico match in over 12 years.
This is the game that is going to be remembered as the Lionel Messi match.
It was clear that Messi was becoming an extremely important asset for the club
and was actually being compared to his fellow countryman and footballing legend, Diego Maradona.
This comparison was made clear to fans in April 2007, when Messi went on to score what could only be described as a Maradona-esque goal
against Getafe in the first leg of the Copa del Rey semi-finals.
There probably isn't a football fan in the world that hasn't seen the Diego Maradona goal against England in the World Cup quarter-final of 1986 in Mexico
when he runs from inside his own half of the field, pretty much through the whole England team
and glides around Peter Shilton and tucks the ball into the back of the net.
Absolutely certain that there's no Argentine who hasn't seen that goal a countless number of times
and of course Lionel Messi would have grown up with that goal from the great Maradona.
So then in the Copa del Rey against Getafe, Messi picks the ball up inside his own half of the field.
I wonder at what point he realises that he's almost scoring the exact same goal, because it is extraordinary.
From almost the same area of the pitch, beating players in exactly the same way, finishing in virtually the same way,
Lionel Messi replicates one of the greatest goals we've ever seen.
Oh, brilliant skill from Lionel Messi.
Surging forward with real menace here. Brilliant from Messi. Oh, what a goal that is!
This goal sent shockwaves all over the world as it was not only a good goal,
it was a world-class goal that could only be achieved by a few people.
Messi was being regarded as the best player in the world and still at only the age of 19.
With Ronaldinho out of the squad and the following season, he had become the star player for the squad.
At the 2007 Ballon d'Or, Messi made the podium alongside Kaka and Cristiano Ronaldo.
He unfortunately finished in the third spot, but it was still an incredible achievement for him.
He also got nominated for FIFA World Player of the Year, coming second again behind Kaka, but beating Cristiano Ronaldo.
He had finally had a taste of what it was like to be an award-winning player,
but his mission to become the best player ever was still not over.
Going into 2008, Barcelona were failing to achieve any form of success.
The past two seasons had seen them trophy-less and not even contenders for top position in La Liga.
Ronaldinho had dramatically lost all form and was not even considered one of the best players in the world anymore.
And on top of that regard, the Barcelona manager, who had previously led Barcelona to win the league two times in a row,
had lost control of his team.
Things needed to change and in 2009, Barcelona were appointed with their new manager,
the former Barcelona captain Pep Guardiola.
Messi continued at the start of this 2009 season to play on the wing.
During this first season under Guardiola, Messi finally won his first Ballon d'Or
and FIFA World Player of the Year award, winning the awards by their greatest voting margin in each trophy's history.
But going into the 2010 season, Guardiola would go on to change his role,
a decision that would actually make Messi the player that he is known for today.
He changed everything for us, for the club.
They got everything they could and for me, Guardiola is fundamental in this whole Barcelona project.
He was licensed to roam and cut inside.
And when Guardiola took over at Barcelona, that's where Messi started off as well.
But it was Guardiola probably who had the vision to see that maybe that was a position which restricted him
and actually to get Lionel Messi unleashed, he had to move him into the middle.
And that's what he did.
In all matches, in the Clásico against Real Madrid, Messi pops up as a kind of a false nine position
and suddenly we see that Messi is capable of even more than we've seen from him on that right-hand side of midfield.
It's very good from both sides up front, Rob.
This could be a killer goal. Lionel Messi takes his time and walks it in.
Start shining the trophy now. The league may well be Barcelona's.
First of all, it would be very difficult to find another coach to do what he did here.
Everything he won and more than that, how he made the team play.
Because if Barcelona has been playing like this for four years, it's because he did it like this,
because he did it this way, because of how he prepares the training sessions,
how he prepares the matches and how he wants his team to play.
I think the image that Barcelona has given in these four years speaks for itself,
for the game they play, for the recognition they've had all over the world.
I don't think they've had any help from anyone.
For some reason, they've been recognised as the best team in the world.
And a lot of people say they're the best in history.
So I don't think we have to give importance to what they say.
The false nine position became Guardiola's trademark and for mercy.
It's helped him become much more of a threat in front of goal.
During the 2009-2010 season, Messi went on to break the goal-scoring record for Barcelona,
a record that had been set previously by the legendary Barcelona striker Ronaldo in 1996.
So in 2009-10, Messi manages to equal this record of 47 goals scored by the Brazilian Ronaldo,
the man that they called the phenomenon.
And Messi manages to equal that, 47 goals in a season for Barcelona,
a football club which has had as many great strikers as Barcelona have,
and have had Ronaldo, the great Brazilian.
Messi comes along and equals what he's done.
I mean, it is extraordinary to do that.
Season in, season out, Messi begins scoring goals at ridiculous numbers.
Under Pep Guardiola, Barcelona were thriving again.
Messi also went on to win his second Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year award.
They went on to win the La Liga title once again,
and in 2011, Messi finished the season with 53 goals and 24 assists,
becoming Barcelona's all-time single-season top scorer
and the first player in Spanish football to reach the 50-goal benchmark.
On top of that, he once again won the Ballon d'Or, making this his third win,
allowing him to become the fourth player in history to win the Ballon d'Or three times.
But going into the next season, his previous groundbreaking record of 53 goals in a season
would seem just like a drop in the ocean compared to his 2012 to 2013 campaign.
Messi's not just a goal scorer, of course, he does so much more than that,
but he was shattering records set by the greatest goal scorers of all time,
guys who did not much more than just score goals,
saw their records fall to a guy who did so much more than just score goals.
In 1972, Gerd Müller had scored 85 goals in that calendar year for Bayern Munich and Germany.
Well, in 2012, Lionel Messi scored 91, breaking that record.
An extraordinary feat, 91 goals in a calendar year,
averaging more than 1.5 goals per game in La Liga.
It's insane.
What I can say about Messi, more than I was talking or the people were talking,
he's one of the gods of football.
It's unbelievable, the design, it's unbelievable, the capacity,
to fight with the ball on the feet, to fight without the ball on the feet.
What happens when he touches the ball?
When he doesn't have the ball, it's unbelievable, the character,
how we press, how we work for the team.
Scoring 91 goals in a single calendar year got acknowledged by the Guinness World Records,
and he continues to hold that record due to this phenomenal season.
Messi also went on to win his fourth Ballon d'Or,
becoming the first player to ever win four trophies.
Displaying to everyone that Messi was the greatest of all time,
heading into the 2013-2014 season,
Barcelona seemed to be heavily reliant on Lionel Messi to win games and trophies.
Barcelona is arguably the greatest club side of all time,
and that alone would be daunting enough until you factor in this man.
The incomparable, the maestro, the unmarkable,
Lionel Messi is simply the puzzle that Chelsea have to solve.
Statistics and history go out of the window.
The way he's playing is solely about us performing in these two games
to try and stop him, and with the ability he's got, we have to be our best.
Pundits were labelling the side's era as Messi-dependent.
However, going into the 2014-2015 season,
under the new management of Luis Enrique,
new faces appeared within the Barcelona squad.
These new faces would be Neymar and Luis Suarez,
and together they were the incredible strike force known as MSN,
and were terrifying in front of goal.
Always throughout time, there's been forward lines that have excited people
and gone down in legend, and Barcelona obviously had one of those
in the MSN combination, Messi, Suarez, Neymar,
which came a few years after Real Madrid's BBC with Bale, Benzema and Cristiano.
It was a wonderful, wonderful set-up.
Neymar, Suarez and Messi in the same side.
Messi with his incredible goal-scoring attributes,
but also the wonderful assists that he brings to the side and to the other two.
Suarez, absolutely deadly in front of goal,
a finisher supreme.
And Neymar, the kind of maverick on the other side, unpredictable,
can be performing at a level below the other two quite often,
but can also on his day be absolutely sensational.
And who would not want to be part of that front line?
Together, they scored a staggering 270 goals in just the one season.
They also helped assist each other,
achieving a total of 133 assists between them.
They also went on to win back-to-back La Liga titles,
two Spanish Cups, a Spanish Super Cup,
a Champions League, a European Super Cup
and a FIFA Club World Cup,
totaling eight incredible trophies in just two seasons.
I always said that I don't play to be the best in history,
or the best of the moment, or anything like that.
I play to try to do things right,
first for the team, whether it's Barcelona or the Argentine national team,
then for the people and, above all, for myself.
It makes me feel good when things go my way,
and that's how I live.
That's why I'm not afraid of what people say.
I'm beyond all that, for the good, for the bad.
With Messi, Suárez and Neymar at the wheel,
Barcelona were achieving record-breaking seasons.
It seemed like the dependency on Messi was gone
and they could all work together to win as many league titles as possible.
Playing in the World Cup is different to everything else.
To be able to play in the World Cup is something very nice.
I think the best teams are there,
and it's going to be very difficult for everyone.
I hope things go well for Argentina,
and that we can achieve our objective.
We're going to enjoy it.
It's in South America, and we're going to be close to our fans.
I'm sure it's going to be great.